---
subcategory: "API Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_api_gateway_domain_name"
description: |-
 Get information on a custom domain name for use with AWS API Gateway.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_api_gateway_domain_name

Use this data source to get the custom domain name for use with AWS API Gateway.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_api_gateway_domain_name import DataAwsApiGatewayDomainName
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsApiGatewayDomainName(self, "example",
            domain_name="api.example.com"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `domain_name` - (Required) Fully-qualified domain name to look up. If no domain name is found, an error will be returned.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the found custom domain name.
* `certificate_arn` - ARN for an AWS-managed certificate that is used by edge-optimized endpoint for this domain name.
* `certificate_name` - Name of the certificate that is used by edge-optimized endpoint for this domain name.
* `certificate_upload_date` - Upload date associated with the domain certificate.
* `cloudfront_domain_name` - Hostname created by Cloudfront to represent the distribution that implements this domain name mapping.
* `cloudfront_zone_id` - For convenience, the hosted zone ID (`Z2FDTNDATAQYW2`) that can be used to create a Route53 alias record for the distribution.
* `endpoint_configuration` - List of objects with the endpoint configuration of this domain name.
    * `types` - List of endpoint types.
* `regional_certificate_arn` - ARN for an AWS-managed certificate that is used for validating the regional domain name.
* `regional_certificate_name` - User-friendly name of the certificate that is used by regional endpoint for this domain name.
* `regional_domain_name` - Hostname for the custom domain's regional endpoint.
* `regional_zone_id` - Hosted zone ID that can be used to create a Route53 alias record for the regional endpoint.
* `security_policy` - Security policy for the domain name.
* `tags` - Key-value map of tags for the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-ec3ad0e8dda61e42fd75917952379778e983a6bf94a2c3f251ea482b57cbc3ed -->