---
subcategory: "Backup"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_backup_report_plan"
description: |-
  Provides details about an AWS Backup Report Plan.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_backup_report_plan

Use this data source to get information on an existing backup report plan.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_backup_report_plan import DataAwsBackupReportPlan
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsBackupReportPlan(self, "example",
            name="tf_example_backup_report_plan_name"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Backup report plan name.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the backup report plan.
* `creation_time` - Date and time that a report plan is created, in Unix format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `deployment_status` - Deployment status of a report plan. The statuses are: `CREATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `UPDATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `DELETE_IN_PROGRESS` | `COMPLETED`.
* `description` - Description of the report plan.
* `id` - ID of the report plan.
* `report_delivery_channel` - An object that contains information about where and how to deliver your reports, specifically your Amazon S3 bucket name, S3 key prefix, and the formats of your reports. Detailed below.
* `report_setting` - An object that identifies the report template for the report. Reports are built using a report template. Detailed below.
* `tags` - Metadata that you can assign to help organize the report plans you create.

### Report Delivery Channel Attributes

`report_delivery_channel` has the following attributes:

* `formats` - List of the format of your reports: CSV, JSON, or both.
* `s3_bucket_name` - Unique name of the S3 bucket that receives your reports.
* `s3_key_prefix` - Prefix for where Backup Audit Manager delivers your reports to Amazon S3. The prefix is this part of the following path: s3://your-bucket-name/prefix/Backup/us-west-2/year/month/day/report-name.

### Report Setting Attributes

`report_setting` has the following attributes:

* `accounts` - (Optional) Specifies the list of accounts a report covers.
* `framework_arns` - ARNs of the frameworks a report covers.
* `number_of_frameworks` - Specifies the number of frameworks a report covers.
* `organization_units` - (Optional) Specifies the list of Organizational Units a report covers.
* `regions` - (Optional) Specifies the list of regions a report covers.
* `report_template` - Identifies the report template for the report. Reports are built using a report template.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-bb9ee564d7e610ad5a515bf5d6d41add676ed63ed91647947ed5d6fcd34dde46 -->