---
subcategory: "CloudFormation"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudformation_type"
description: |-
    Provides details about a CloudFormation Type.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_cloudformation_type

Provides details about a CloudFormation Type.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_cloudformation_type import DataAwsCloudformationType
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsCloudformationType(self, "example",
            type="RESOURCE",
            type_name="AWS::Athena::WorkGroup"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `arn` - (Optional) ARN of the CloudFormation Type. For example, `arn:aws:cloudformation:us-west-2::type/resource/AWS-EC2-VPC`.
* `type` - (Optional) CloudFormation Registry Type. For example, `RESOURCE`.
* `type_name` - (Optional) CloudFormation Type name. For example, `AWS::EC2::VPC`.
* `version_id` - (Optional) Identifier of the CloudFormation Type version.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `default_version_id` - Identifier of the CloudFormation Type default version.
* `deprecated_status` - Deprecation status of the CloudFormation Type.
* `description` - Description of the CloudFormation Type.
* `documentation_url` - URL of the documentation for the CloudFormation Type.
* `execution_role_arn` - ARN of the IAM Role used to register the CloudFormation Type.
* `is_default_version` - Whether the CloudFormation Type version is the default version.
* `logging_config` - List of objects containing logging configuration.
    * `log_group_name` - Name of the CloudWatch Log Group where CloudFormation sends error logging information when invoking the type's handlers.
    * `log_role_arn` - ARN of the IAM Role CloudFormation assumes when sending error logging information to CloudWatch Logs.
* `provisioning_type` - Provisioning behavior of the CloudFormation Type.
* `schema` - JSON document of the CloudFormation Type schema.
* `source_url` - URL of the source code for the CloudFormation Type.
* `visibility` - Scope of the CloudFormation Type.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-dbfea51aa26b3fcf5acdfa155004e8f1f27058ce9b62acf8eba0a37e7a8775f5 -->