---
subcategory: "CodeCatalyst"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_codecatalyst_dev_environment"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing an AWS CodeCatalyst Dev Environment.
---

<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_codecatalyst_dev_environment

Terraform data source for managing an AWS CodeCatalyst Dev Environment.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_codecatalyst_dev_environment import DataAwsCodecatalystDevEnvironment
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsCodecatalystDevEnvironment(self, "example",
            env_id=Token.as_string(aws_codecatalyst_dev_environment_example.id),
            project_name="myproject",
            space_name="myspace"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `env_id` - - (Required) The system-generated unique ID of the Dev Environment for which you want to view information. To retrieve a list of Dev Environment IDs, use [ListDevEnvironments](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecatalyst/latest/APIReference/API_ListDevEnvironments.html).
* `project_name` - (Required) The name of the project in the space.
* `space_name` - (Required) The name of the space.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `alias` - The user-specified alias for the Dev Environment.
* `creator_id` - The system-generated unique ID of the user who created the Dev Environment.
* `ides` - Information about the integrated development environment (IDE) configured for a Dev Environment.
* `inactivity_timeout_minutes` - The amount of time the Dev Environment will run without any activity detected before stopping, in minutes. Only whole integers are allowed. Dev Environments consume compute minutes when running.
* `instance_type` - The Amazon EC2 instace type to use for the Dev Environment.
* `last_updated_time` - The time when the Dev Environment was last updated, in coordinated universal time (UTC) timestamp format as specified in [RFC 3339](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339#section-5.6).
* `persistent_storage` - Information about the amount of storage allocated to the Dev Environment.
* `repositories` - The source repository that contains the branch to clone into the Dev Environment.
* `status` - The current status of the Dev Environment. From: PENDING | RUNNING | STARTING | STOPPING | STOPPED | FAILED | DELETING | DELETED.
* `status_reason` - The reason for the status.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-c61bba638996c2149ec91b8cd25afae8ff1fa5829987e15f55f2b47440b45e86 -->