---
subcategory: "RDS (Relational Database)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_db_proxy"
description: |-
  Get information on a DB Proxy.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_db_proxy

Use this data source to get information about a DB Proxy.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_db_proxy import DataAwsDbProxy
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsDbProxy(self, "proxy",
            name="my-test-db-proxy"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `name` - (Required) Name of the DB proxy.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the DB Proxy.
* `auth` - Configuration(s) with authorization mechanisms to connect to the associated instance or cluster.
* `debug_logging` - Whether the proxy includes detailed information about SQL statements in its logs.
* `default_auth_scheme` - Default authentication scheme that the proxy uses for client connections to the proxy and connections from the proxy to the underlying database.
* `endpoint` - Endpoint that you can use to connect to the DB proxy.
* `engine_family` - Kinds of databases that the proxy can connect to.
* `idle_client_timeout` - Number of seconds a connection to the proxy can have no activity before the proxy drops the client connection.
* `require_tls` - Whether Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption is required for connections to the proxy.
* `role_arn` - ARN for the IAM role that the proxy uses to access Amazon Secrets Manager.
* `vpc_id` - Provides the VPC ID of the DB proxy.
* `vpc_security_group_ids` - Provides a list of VPC security groups that the proxy belongs to.
* `vpc_subnet_ids` - EC2 subnet IDs for the proxy.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-2d7107af0b40b25e985e6a5808abdb4493f3c83631c51bca95c34e0824918c71 -->