---
subcategory: "EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_instance_type"
description: |-
  Information about single EC2 Instance Type.
---



<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ec2_instance_type

Get characteristics for a single EC2 Instance Type.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_ec2_instance_type import DataAwsEc2InstanceType
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsEc2InstanceType(self, "example",
            instance_type="t2.micro"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `instance_type` - (Required) Instance

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

~> **NOTE:** Not all attributes are set for every instance type.

* `auto_recovery_supported` - `true` if auto recovery is supported.
* `bare_metal` - `true` if it is a bare metal instance type.
* `burstable_performance_supported` - `true` if the instance type is a burstable performance instance type.
* `current_generation` - `true`  if the instance type is a current generation.
* `dedicated_hosts_supported` - `true` if Dedicated Hosts are supported on the instance type.
* `default_cores` - Default number of cores for the instance type.
* `default_threads_per_core` - The  default  number of threads per core for the instance type.
* `default_vcpus` - Default number of vCPUs for the instance type.
* `ebs_encryption_support` - Indicates whether Amazon EBS encryption is supported.
* `ebs_nvme_support` - Whether non-volatile memory express (NVMe) is supported.
* `ebs_optimized_support` - Indicates that the instance type is Amazon EBS-optimized.
* `ebs_performance_baseline_bandwidth` - The baseline bandwidth performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in Mbps.
* `ebs_performance_baseline_iops` - The baseline input/output storage operations per seconds for an EBS-optimized instance type.
* `ebs_performance_baseline_throughput` - The baseline throughput performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in MBps.
* `ebs_performance_maximum_bandwidth` - The maximum bandwidth performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in Mbps.
* `ebs_performance_maximum_iops` - The maximum input/output storage operations per second for an EBS-optimized instance type.
* `ebs_performance_maximum_throughput` - The maximum throughput performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in MBps.
* `efa_supported` - Whether Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) is supported.
* `ena_support` - Whether Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) is supported.
* `encryption_in_transit_supported` - Indicates whether encryption in-transit between instances is supported.
* `fpgas` - Describes the FPGA accelerator settings for the instance type.
    * `fpgas.#.count` - The count of FPGA accelerators for the instance type.
    * `fpgas.#.manufacturer` - The manufacturer of the FPGA accelerator.
    * `fpgas.#.memory_size` - The size (in MiB) for the memory available to the FPGA accelerator.
    * `fpgas.#.name` - The name of the FPGA accelerator.
* `free_tier_eligible` - `true` if the instance type is eligible for the free tier.
* `gpus` - Describes the GPU accelerators for the instance type.
    * `gpus.#.count` - The number of GPUs for the instance type.
    * `gpus.#.manufacturer` - The manufacturer of the GPU accelerator.
    * `gpus.#.memory_size` - The size (in MiB) for the memory available to the GPU accelerator.
    * `gpus.#.name` - The name of the GPU accelerator.
* `hibernation_supported` - `true` if On-Demand hibernation is supported.
* `hypervisor` - Hypervisor used for the instance type.
* `inference_accelerators` Describes the Inference accelerators for the instance type.
    * `inference_accelerators.#.count` - The number of Inference accelerators for the instance type.
    * `inference_accelerators.#.manufacturer` - The manufacturer of the Inference accelerator.
    * `inference_accelerators.#.name` - The name of the Inference accelerator.
* `instance_disks` - Describes the disks for the instance type.
    * `instance_disks.#.count` - The number of disks with this configuration.
    * `instance_disks.#.size` - The size of the disk in GB.
    * `instance_disks.#.type` - The type of disk.
* `instance_storage_supported` - `true` if instance storage is supported.
* `ipv6_supported` - `true` if IPv6 is supported.
* `maximum_ipv4_addresses_per_interface` - The maximum number of IPv4 addresses per network interface.
* `maximum_ipv6_addresses_per_interface` - The maximum number of IPv6 addresses per network interface.
* `maximum_network_cards` - The maximum number of physical network cards that can be allocated to the instance.
* `maximum_network_interfaces` - The maximum number of network interfaces for the instance type.
* `memory_size` - Size of the instance memory, in MiB.
* `network_performance` - Describes the network performance.
* `supported_architectures` - A list of architectures supported by the instance type.
* `supported_placement_strategies` - A list of supported placement groups types.
* `supported_root_device_types` - Indicates the supported root device types.
* `supported_usages_classes` - Indicates whether the instance type is offered for spot or On-Demand.
* `supported_virtualization_types` - The supported virtualization types.
* `sustained_clock_speed` - The speed of the processor, in GHz.
* `total_fpga_memory` - Total memory of all FPGA accelerators for the instance type (in MiB).
* `total_gpu_memory` - Total size of the memory for the GPU accelerators for the instance type (in MiB).
* `total_instance_storage` - The total size of the instance disks, in GB.
* `valid_cores` - List of the valid number of cores that can be configured for the instance type.
* `valid_threads_per_core` - List of the valid number of threads per core that can be configured for the instance type.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `read` - (Default `20m`)

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-252aea618bdc0d84a31b332d0bcbeb1cfa651313c051ec4ccf79e7e89e9f6ce2 -->