---
subcategory: "ECR (Elastic Container Registry)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ecr_repository_creation_template"
description: |-
  Provides details about an ECR Repository Creation Template
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ecr_repository_creation_template

The ECR Repository Creation Template data source allows the template details to be retrieved for a Repository Creation Template.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_ecr_repository_creation_template import DataAwsEcrRepositoryCreationTemplate
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsEcrRepositoryCreationTemplate(self, "example",
            prefix="example"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `prefix` - (Required) The repository name prefix that the template matches against.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `applied_for` - Which features this template applies to. Contains one or more of `PULL_THROUGH_CACHE` or `REPLICATION`.
* `custom_role_arn` - The ARN of the custom role used for repository creation.
* `description` - The description for this template.
* `encryption_configuration` - Encryption configuration for any created repositories. See [Encryption Configuration](#encryption-configuration) below.
* `image_tag_mutability` - The tag mutability setting for any created repositories.
* `lifecycle_policy` - The lifecycle policy document to apply to any created repositories.
* `registry_id` - The registry ID the repository creation template applies to.
* `repository_policy` - The registry policy document to apply to any created repositories.
* `resource_tags` - A map of tags to assign to any created repositories.

### Encryption Configuration

* `encryption_type` - Encryption type to use for any created repositories, either `AES256` or `KMS`.
* `kms_key` - If `encryption_type` is `KMS`, the ARN of the KMS key used.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.9 input-f1c4bbe12045f65ff162d44fb4a86ac5bbbe85bcc7fe18d7917dbdc3db134be7 -->