---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration

Provides details about an Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration import DataAwsImagebuilderInfrastructureConfiguration
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsImagebuilderInfrastructureConfiguration(self, "example",
            arn="arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:aws:infrastructure-configuration/example"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the infrastructure configuration.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `date_created` - Date the infrastructure configuration was created.
* `date_created` - Date the infrastructure configuration was updated.
* `description` - Description of the infrastructure configuration.
* `instance_metadata_options` - Nested list of instance metadata options for the HTTP requests that pipeline builds use to launch EC2 build and test instances.
    * `http_put_response_hop_limit` - Number of hops that an instance can traverse to reach its destonation.
    * `http_tokens` - Whether a signed token is required for instance metadata retrieval requests.
* `instance_profile_name` - Name of the IAM Instance Profile associated with the configuration.
* `instance_types` - Set of EC2 Instance Types associated with the configuration.
* `key_pair` - Name of the EC2 Key Pair associated with the configuration.
* `logging` - Nested list of logging settings.
    * `s3_logs` - Nested list of S3 logs settings.
        * `s3_bucket_name` - Name of the S3 Bucket for logging.
        * `s3_key_prefix` - Key prefix for S3 Bucket logging.
* `name` - Name of the infrastructure configuration.
* `resource_tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the infrastructure created by the infrastructure configuration.
* `security_group_ids` - Set of EC2 Security Group identifiers associated with the configuration.
* `sns_topic_arn` - ARN of the SNS Topic associated with the configuration.
* `subnet_id` - Identifier of the EC2 Subnet associated with the configuration.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the infrastructure configuration.
* `terminate_instance_on_failure` - Whether instances are terminated on failure.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-7380cb5d85c6d7849e3a07a0e4591a1b51c24389729b623e1b3ca40a6eea581e -->