---
subcategory: "Lambda"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lambda_code_signing_config"
description: |-
  Provides a Lambda Code Signing Config data source.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_lambda_code_signing_config

Provides information about a Lambda Code Signing Config. A code signing configuration defines a list of allowed signing profiles and defines the code-signing validation policy (action to be taken if deployment validation checks fail).

For information about Lambda code signing configurations and how to use them, see [configuring code signing for Lambda functions][1]

## Example Usage

```python
# Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_lambda_code_signing_config import DataAwsLambdaCodeSigningConfig
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsLambdaCodeSigningConfig(self, "existing_csc",
            arn="arn:aws:lambda:${" + aws_region.value + "}:${" + aws_account.value + "}:code-signing-config:csc-0f6c334abcdea4d8b"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the code signing configuration.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `allowed_publishers` - List of allowed publishers as signing profiles for this code signing configuration.
* `config_id` - Unique identifier for the code signing configuration.
* `description` - Code signing configuration description.
* `last_modified` - Date and time that the code signing configuration was last modified.
* `policies` - List of code signing policies that control the validation failure action for signature mismatch or expiry.

`allowed_publishers` is exported with the following attribute:

* `signing_profile_version_arns` - The ARN for each of the signing profiles. A signing profile defines a trusted user who can sign a code package.

`policies` is exported with the following attribute:

* `untrusted_artifact_on_deployment` - Code signing configuration policy for deployment validation failure.

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-codesigning.html

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.1 input-5afdefce5d0b268b19c36274b069b7899d615a87f4179249cc899ab27ee14760 -->