---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_network_interface"
description: |-
  Get information on a Network Interface resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# aws_network_interface

Use this data source to get information about a Network Interface.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_network_interface import DataAwsNetworkInterface
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsNetworkInterface(self, "bar",
            id="eni-01234567"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `id` – (Optional) Identifier for the network interface.
* `filter` – (Optional) One or more name/value pairs to filter off of. There are several valid keys, for a full reference, check out [describe-network-interfaces](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-network-interfaces.html) in the AWS CLI reference.

## Attribute Reference

See the [Network Interface](/docs/providers/aws/r/network_interface.html) for details on the returned attributes.

Additionally, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the network interface.
* `association` - Association information for an Elastic IP address (IPv4) associated with the network interface. See supported fields below.
* `availability_zone` - Availability Zone.
* `description` - Description of the network interface.
* `interface_type` - Type of interface.
* `ipv6_addresses` - List of IPv6 addresses to assign to the ENI.
* `mac_address` - MAC address.
* `owner_id` - AWS account ID of the owner of the network interface.
* `private_dns_name` - Private DNS name.
* `private_ip` - Private IPv4 address of the network interface within the subnet.
* `private_ips` - Private IPv4 addresses associated with the network interface.
* `requester_id` - ID of the entity that launched the instance on your behalf.
* `security_groups` - List of security groups for the network interface.
* `subnet_id` - ID of the subnet.
* `outpost_arn` - ARN of the Outpost.
* `tags` - Any tags assigned to the network interface.
* `vpc_id` - ID of the VPC.

### `association`

* `allocation_id` - Allocation ID.
* `association_id` - Association ID.
* `carrier_ip` - Carrier IP address associated with the network interface. This attribute is only set when the network interface is in a subnet which is associated with a Wavelength Zone.
* `customer_owned_ip` - Customer-owned IP address.
* `ip_owner_id` - ID of the Elastic IP address owner.
* `public_dns_name` - Public DNS name.
* `public_ip` - Address of the Elastic IP address bound to the network interface.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `read` - (Default `20m`)

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-2076fd1e9228c52725c01e9ff2e4ab23d3afe4ebaba78ef4fa3e8e525341ba1e -->