---
subcategory: "Oracle Database@AWS"
layout: "AWS: aws_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure"
page_title: "AWS: aws_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing exadata infrastructure resource in AWS for Oracle Database@AWS.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure

Terraform data source for exadata infrastructure resource in AWS for Oracle Database@AWS.

You can find out more about Oracle Database@AWS from [User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/odb/latest/UserGuide/what-is-odb.html).

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure import DataAwsOdbCloudExadataInfrastructure
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsOdbCloudExadataInfrastructure(self, "example",
            id="example"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `id` - (Required) The unique identifier of the Exadata infrastructure.

The following arguments are optional:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `activated_storage_count` - The number of storage servers requested for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `additional_storage_count` - The number of storage servers requested for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `availability_zone` - The name of the Availability Zone (AZ) where the Exadata infrastructure is located.
* `availability_zone_id` - The AZ ID of the AZ where the Exadata infrastructure is located.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `id` - The unique identifier of the Exadata infrastructure.
* `compute_count` - The number of database servers for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `cpu_count` - The total number of CPU cores that are allocated to the Exadata infrastructure.
* `data_storage_size_in_tbs` - The size of the Exadata infrastructure's data disk group, in terabytes (TB).
* `db_node_storage_size_in_gbs` - The size of the storage available on each database node, in gigabytes (GB).
* `db_server_version` - The version of the Exadata infrastructure.
* `display_name` - The display name of the Exadata infrastructure.
* `last_maintenance_run_id` - The Oracle Cloud Identifier (OCID) of the last maintenance run for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `max_cpu_count` - The total number of CPU cores available on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `max_data_storage_in_tbs` - The total amount of data disk group storage, in terabytes (TB), that's available on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `max_db_node_storage_size_in_gbs` - The total amount of local node storage, in gigabytes (GB), that's available on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `max_memory_in_gbs` - The total amount of memory, in gigabytes (GB), that's available on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `memory_size_in_gbs` - The amount of memory, in gigabytes (GB), that's allocated on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `monthly_db_server_version` - The monthly software version of the database servers installed on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `monthly_storage_server_version` - The monthly software version of the storage servers installed on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `next_maintenance_run_id` - The OCID of the next maintenance run for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `oci_resource_anchor_name` - The name of the OCI resource anchor for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `oci_url` - The HTTPS link to the Exadata infrastructure in OCI.
* `ocid` - The OCID of the Exadata infrastructure in OCI.
* `percent_progress` - The amount of progress made on the current operation on the Exadata infrastructure expressed as a percentage.
* `shape` - The model name of the Exadata infrastructure.
* `status` - The status of the Exadata infrastructure.
* `status_reason` - Additional information about the status of the Exadata infrastructure.
* `storage_count` - The number of storage servers that are activated for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `storage_server_version` - The software version of the storage servers on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `total_storage_size_in_gbs` - The total amount of storage, in gigabytes (GB), on the Exadata infrastructure.
* `compute_model` - The OCI compute model used when you create or clone an instance: ECPU or OCPU. An ECPU is an abstracted measure of compute resources. ECPUs are based on the number of cores elastically allocated from a pool of compute and storage servers. An OCPU is a legacy physical measure of compute resources. OCPUs are based on the physical core of a processor with hyper-threading enabled.
* `created_at` - The time when the Exadata infrastructure was created.
* `database_server_type` - The database server model type of the Exadata infrastructure. For the list of valid model names, use the ListDbSystemShapes operation.
* `storage_server_type` - The storage server model type of the Exadata infrastructure. For the list of valid model names, use the ListDbSystemShapes operation.
* `maintenance_window` - The scheduling details of the maintenance window. Patching and system updates take place during the maintenance window.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the exadata infrastructure. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-c8eab2c9761e0b7c6f38a92eb4cbdbd7f1025f92c2b4e508163b47bc03c41e00 -->