---
subcategory: "Organizations"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_organizations_delegated_administrators"
description: |-
  Get a list of AWS accounts that are designated as delegated administrators in this organization 
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_organizations_delegated_administrators

Get a list of AWS accounts that are designated as delegated administrators in this organization

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_organizations_delegated_administrators import DataAwsOrganizationsDelegatedAdministrators
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsOrganizationsDelegatedAdministrators(self, "example",
            service_principal="SERVICE PRINCIPAL"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `service_principal` - (Optional) Specifies a service principal name. If specified, then the operation lists the delegated administrators only for the specified service. If you don't specify a service principal, the operation lists all delegated administrators for all services in your organization.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `delegated_administrators` - The list of delegated administrators in your organization, which have the following attributes:
    * `arn` - The ARN of the delegated administrator's account.
    * `delegation_enabled_date` - The date when the account was made a delegated administrator.
    * `email` - The email address that is associated with the delegated administrator's AWS account.
    * `id` - The unique identifier (ID) of the delegated administrator's account.
    * `joined_method` - The method by which the delegated administrator's account joined the organization.
    * `joined_timestamp` - The date when the delegated administrator's account became a part of the organization.
    * `name` - The friendly name of the delegated administrator's account.
    * `status` - The status of the delegated administrator's account in the organization.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-109c5f762c0d10ecbb15ab59b2bb18f8653bf89c01823c41fe23ae6036327116 -->