---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route"
description: |-
    Provides details about a specific Route
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_route

`aws_route` provides details about a specific Route.

This resource can prove useful when finding the resource associated with a CIDR. For example, finding the peering connection associated with a CIDR value.

## Example Usage

The following example shows how one might use a CIDR value to find a network interface id and use this to create a data source of that network interface.

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformVariable, Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_network_interface import DataAwsNetworkInterface
from imports.aws.data_aws_route import DataAwsRoute
from imports.aws.data_aws_route_table import DataAwsRouteTable
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        # Terraform Variables are not always the best fit for getting inputs in the context of Terraform CDK.
        #     You can read more about this at https://cdk.tf/variables
        subnet_id = TerraformVariable(self, "subnet_id")
        route = DataAwsRoute(self, "route",
            destination_cidr_block="10.0.1.0/24",
            route_table_id=selected.id
        )
        DataAwsRouteTable(self, "selected",
            subnet_id=subnet_id.string_value
        )
        DataAwsNetworkInterface(self, "interface",
            id=Token.as_string(route.network_interface_id)
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The arguments of this data source act as filters for querying the available Route in the current region. The given filters must match exactly oneRoute whose data will be exported as attributes.

The following arguments are required:

* `route_table_id` - (Required) ID of the specific Route Table containing the Route entry.

The following arguments are optional:

* `carrier_gateway_id` - (Optional) EC2 Carrier Gateway ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `core_network_arn` - (Optional) Core network ARN of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `destination_cidr_block` - (Optional) CIDR block of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `destination_ipv6_cidr_block` - (Optional) IPv6 CIDR block of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `destination_prefix_list_id` - (Optional) ID of a [managed prefix list](ec2_managed_prefix_list.html) destination of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `egress_only_gateway_id` - (Optional) Egress Only Gateway ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `gateway_id` - (Optional) Gateway ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `instance_id` - (Optional) Instance ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `local_gateway_id` - (Optional) Local Gateway ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `nat_gateway_id` - (Optional) NAT Gateway ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `network_interface_id` - (Optional) Network Interface ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `transit_gateway_id` - (Optional) EC2 Transit Gateway ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.
* `vpc_peering_connection_id` - (Optional) VPC Peering Connection ID of the Route belonging to the Route Table.

## Attribute Reference

All of the argument attributes are also exported as result attributes when there is data available. For example, the `vpc_peering_connection_id` field will be empty when the route is attached to a Network Interface.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `read` - (Default `20m`)

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-33a69cd7bf58da7db6b0a1e84dd1601b625d3a9040a0150ad517559d95d9622f -->