---
subcategory: "Route 53 Resolver"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group_association"
description: |-
    Retrieves the specified firewall rule group association.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group_association

`aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group_association` Retrieves the specified firewall rule group association.

This data source allows to retrieve details about a specific a Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall rule group association.

## Example Usage

The following example shows how to get a firewall rule group association from its id.

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group_association import DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation(self, "example",
            firewall_rule_group_association_id="rslvr-frgassoc-example"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `firewall_rule_group_association_id` - (Required) The identifier for the association.

The following attribute is additionally exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall rule group association.
* `creation_time` - The date and time that the association was created, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `creator_request_id` - A unique string defined by you to identify the request.
* `firewall_rule_group_id` - The unique identifier of the firewall rule group.
* `managed_owner_name` - The owner of the association, used only for associations that are not managed by you.
* `modification_time` - The date and time that the association was last modified, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `mutation_protection` - If enabled, this setting disallows modification or removal of the association, to help prevent against accidentally altering DNS firewall protections.
* `name` - The name of the association.
* `priority` - The setting that determines the processing order of the rule group among the rule groups that are associated with a single VPC.
* `status` - The current status of the association.
* `status_message` - Additional information about the status of the response, if available.
* `vpc_id` - The unique identifier of the VPC that is associated with the rule group.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-96baaccea7a8993bc2b43ff8bcd9ea43595994e4407fb3bc1d20edf090565dd8 -->