---
subcategory: "Signer"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_signer_signing_job"
description: |-
  Provides a Signer Signing Job data source.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_signer_signing_job

Provides information about a Signer Signing Job.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_signer_signing_job import DataAwsSignerSigningJob
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsSignerSigningJob(self, "build_signing_job",
            job_id="9ed7e5c3-b8d4-4da0-8459-44e0b068f7ee"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `job_id` - (Required) ID of the signing job on output.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `completed_at` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was completed.
* `created_at` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was created.
* `job_invoker` - IAM entity that initiated the signing job.
* `job_owner` - AWS account ID of the job owner.
* `platform_display_name` - A human-readable name for the signing platform associated with the signing job.
* `platform_id` - Platform to which your signed code image will be distributed.
* `profile_name` - Name of the profile that initiated the signing operation.
* `profile_version` - Version of the signing profile used to initiate the signing job.
* `requested_by` - IAM principal that requested the signing job.
* `revocation_record` - Revocation record if the signature generated by the signing job has been revoked. Contains a timestamp and the ID of the IAM entity that revoked the signature.
* `signature_expires_at` - The time when the signature of a signing job expires.
* `signed_object` - Name of the S3 bucket where the signed code image is saved by code signing.
* `source` - Object that contains the name of your S3 bucket or your raw code.
* `status` - Status of the signing job.
* `status_reason` - String value that contains the status reason.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-da438917e91506b32ffdad63f1749fec4c7fba78b31e711db78cd6ea684d041b -->