---
subcategory: "WorkSpaces"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_workspaces_directory"
description: |-
  Retrieve information about an AWS WorkSpaces directory.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_workspaces_directory

Retrieve information about an AWS WorkSpaces directory.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.data_aws_workspaces_directory import DataAwsWorkspacesDirectory
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        DataAwsWorkspacesDirectory(self, "example",
            directory_id="d-9067783251"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

* `directory_id` - (Required) Directory identifier for registration in WorkSpaces service.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - WorkSpaces directory identifier.
* `alias` - Directory alias.
* `customer_user_name` - User name for the service account.
* `directory_name` - Name of the directory.
* `directory_type` - Directory type.
* `dns_ip_addresses` - IP addresses of the DNS servers for the directory.
* `iam_role_id` - Identifier of the IAM role. This is the role that allows Amazon WorkSpaces to make calls to other services, such as Amazon EC2, on your behalf.
* `ip_group_ids` - Identifiers of the IP access control groups associated with the directory.
* `registration_code` - Registration code for the directory. This is the code that users enter in their Amazon WorkSpaces client application to connect to the directory.
* `self_service_permissions` – The permissions to enable or disable self-service capabilities.
* `subnet_ids` - Identifiers of the subnets where the directory resides.
* `tags` – A map of tags assigned to the WorkSpaces directory.
* `workspace_creation_properties` – The default properties that are used for creating WorkSpaces. Defined below.
* `workspace_access_properties` – (Optional) Specifies which devices and operating systems users can use to access their WorkSpaces. Defined below.
* `workspace_security_group_id` - The identifier of the security group that is assigned to new WorkSpaces. Defined below.

### self_service_permissions

* `change_compute_type` – Whether WorkSpaces directory users can change the compute type (bundle) for their workspace.
* `increase_volume_size` – Whether WorkSpaces directory users can increase the volume size of the drives on their workspace.
* `rebuild_workspace` – Whether WorkSpaces directory users can rebuild the operating system of a workspace to its original state.
* `restart_workspace` – Whether WorkSpaces directory users can restart their workspace.
* `switch_running_mode` – Whether WorkSpaces directory users can switch the running mode of their workspace.

### workspace_access_properties

* `device_type_android` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Android devices to access their WorkSpaces.
* `device_type_chromeos` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Chromebooks to access their WorkSpaces.
* `device_type_ios` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can use iOS devices to access their WorkSpaces.
* `device_type_linux` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Linux clients to access their WorkSpaces.
* `device_type_osx` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can use macOS clients to access their WorkSpaces.
* `device_type_web` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can access their WorkSpaces through a web browser.
* `device_type_windows` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Windows clients to access their WorkSpaces.
* `device_type_zeroclient` – (Optional) Indicates whether users can use zero client devices to access their WorkSpaces.

### workspace_creation_properties

* `custom_security_group_id` – The identifier of your custom security group. Should relate to the same VPC, where workspaces reside in.
* `default_ou` – The default organizational unit (OU) for your WorkSpace directories.
* `enable_internet_access` – Indicates whether internet access is enabled for your WorkSpaces.
* `enable_maintenance_mode` – Indicates whether maintenance mode is enabled for your WorkSpaces. For more information, see [WorkSpace Maintenance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/workspaces/latest/adminguide/workspace-maintenance.html).
* `user_enabled_as_local_administrator` – Indicates whether users are local administrators of their WorkSpaces.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-b94343197f46538817cb6fbc22fc3a4b2fd2b6a8ee88d85032acad20463566b5 -->