---
subcategory: "App Runner"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_apprunner_custom_domain_association"
description: |-
  Manages an App Runner Custom Domain association.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_apprunner_custom_domain_association

Manages an App Runner Custom Domain association.

~> **NOTE:** After creation, you must use the information in the `certificationValidationRecords` attribute to add CNAME records to your Domain Name System (DNS). For each mapped domain name, add a mapping to the target App Runner subdomain (found in the `dnsTarget` attribute) and one or more certificate validation records. App Runner then performs DNS validation to verify that you own or control the domain name you associated. App Runner tracks domain validity in a certificate stored in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM).

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ApprunnerCustomDomainAssociation } from "./.gen/providers/aws/apprunner-custom-domain-association";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new ApprunnerCustomDomainAssociation(this, "example", {
      domainName: "example.com",
      serviceArn: Token.asString(awsApprunnerServiceExample.arn),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments supported:

* `domainName` - (Required) Custom domain endpoint to association. Specify a base domain e.g., `example.com` or a subdomain e.g., `subdomain.example.com`.
* `enableWwwSubdomain` (Optional) Whether to associate the subdomain with the App Runner service in addition to the base domain. Defaults to `true`.
* `serviceArn` - (Required) ARN of the App Runner service.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The `domain_name` and `service_arn` separated by a comma (`,`).
* `certificateValidationRecords` - A set of certificate CNAME records used for this domain name. See [Certificate Validation Records](#certificate-validation-records) below for more details.
* `dnsTarget` - App Runner subdomain of the App Runner service. The custom domain name is mapped to this target name. Attribute only available if resource created (not imported) with Terraform.

### Certificate Validation Records

The configuration block consists of the following arguments:

* `name` - Certificate CNAME record name.
* `status` - Current state of the certificate CNAME record validation. It should change to `SUCCESS` after App Runner completes validation with your DNS.
* `type` - Record type, always `CNAME`.
* `value` - Certificate CNAME record value.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import App Runner Custom Domain Associations using the `domainName` and `serviceArn` separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import App Runner Custom Domain Associations using the `domainName` and `serviceArn` separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_apprunner_custom_domain_association.example example.com,arn:aws:apprunner:us-east-1:123456789012:service/example-app/8fe1e10304f84fd2b0df550fe98a71fa
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-7cc3a375febd6cf6963cf65a24caeee55d47321c71cc824d65ac258b80d66ca7 -->