---
subcategory: "Backup"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_backup_report_plan"
description: |-
  Provides an AWS Backup Report Plan resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_backup_report_plan

Provides an AWS Backup Report Plan resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { BackupReportPlan } from "./.gen/providers/aws/backup-report-plan";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new BackupReportPlan(this, "example", {
      description: "example description",
      name: "example_name",
      reportDeliveryChannel: {
        formats: ["CSV", "JSON"],
        s3BucketName: "example-bucket-name",
      },
      reportSetting: {
        reportTemplate: "RESTORE_JOB_REPORT",
      },
      tags: {
        Name: "Example Report Plan",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the report plan with a maximum of 1,024 characters
* `name` - (Required) The unique name of the report plan. The name must be between 1 and 256 characters, starting with a letter, and consisting of letters, numbers, and underscores.
* `reportDeliveryChannel` - (Required) An object that contains information about where and how to deliver your reports, specifically your Amazon S3 bucket name, S3 key prefix, and the formats of your reports. Detailed below.
* `reportSetting` - (Required) An object that identifies the report template for the report. Reports are built using a report template. Detailed below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Metadata that you can assign to help organize the report plans you create. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Report Delivery Channel Arguments

`reportDeliveryChannel` supports the following arguments:

* `formats` - (Optional) A list of the format of your reports: CSV, JSON, or both. If not specified, the default format is CSV.
* `s3BucketName` - (Required) The unique name of the S3 bucket that receives your reports.
* `s3KeyPrefix` - (Optional) The prefix for where Backup Audit Manager delivers your reports to Amazon S3. The prefix is this part of the following path: s3://your-bucket-name/prefix/Backup/us-west-2/year/month/day/report-name. If not specified, there is no prefix.

### Report Setting Arguments

`reportSetting` supports the following arguments:

* `accounts` - (Optional) Specifies the list of accounts a report covers.
* `frameworkArns` - (Optional) Specifies the Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the frameworks a report covers.
* `numberOfFrameworks` - (Optional) Specifies the number of frameworks a report covers.
* `organizationUnits` - (Optional) Specifies the list of Organizational Units a report covers.
* `regions` - (Optional) Specifies the list of regions a report covers.
* `reportTemplate` - (Required) Identifies the report template for the report. Reports are built using a report template. The report templates are: `RESOURCE_COMPLIANCE_REPORT` | `CONTROL_COMPLIANCE_REPORT` | `BACKUP_JOB_REPORT` | `COPY_JOB_REPORT` | `RESTORE_JOB_REPORT`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The ARN of the backup report plan.
* `creationTime` - The date and time that a report plan is created, in Unix format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `deploymentStatus` - The deployment status of a report plan. The statuses are: `CREATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `UPDATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `DELETE_IN_PROGRESS` | `COMPLETED`.
* `id` - The id of the backup report plan.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Backup Report Plan using the `id` which corresponds to the name of the Backup Report Plan. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { BackupReportPlan } from "./.gen/providers/aws/backup-report-plan";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    BackupReportPlan.generateConfigForImport(this, "test", "<id>");
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Backup Report Plan using the `id` which corresponds to the name of the Backup Report Plan. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_backup_report_plan.test <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-bd959edfce1b301196f86382fc18f07f59bfcba90604113c6790f12cd75715da -->