---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_cache_policy"
description: |-
  Use the `awsCloudfrontCachePolicy` resource to manage cache policies for CloudFront distributions. This resource allows you to attach cache policies to cache behaviors, which determine the values included in the cache key, such as HTTP headers, cookies, and URL query strings. CloudFront uses the cache key to locate cached objects and return them to viewers. Additionally, the cache policy sets the default, minimum, and maximum time to live (TTL) values for objects in the CloudFront cache.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_cloudfront_cache_policy

## Example Usage

Use the `awsCloudfrontCachePolicy` resource to create a cache policy for CloudFront.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { CloudfrontCachePolicy } from "./.gen/providers/aws/cloudfront-cache-policy";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new CloudfrontCachePolicy(this, "example", {
      comment: "test comment",
      defaultTtl: 50,
      maxTtl: 100,
      minTtl: 1,
      name: "example-policy",
      parametersInCacheKeyAndForwardedToOrigin: {
        cookiesConfig: {
          cookieBehavior: "whitelist",
          cookies: {
            items: ["example"],
          },
        },
        headersConfig: {
          headerBehavior: "whitelist",
          headers: {
            items: ["example"],
          },
        },
        queryStringsConfig: {
          queryStringBehavior: "whitelist",
          queryStrings: {
            items: ["example"],
          },
        },
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Unique name used to identify the cache policy.
* `minTtl` - (Required) Minimum amount of time, in seconds, that objects should remain in the CloudFront cache before a new request is sent to the origin to check for updates.
* `maxTtl` - (Optional) Maximum amount of time, in seconds, that objects stay in the CloudFront cache before CloudFront sends another request to the origin to see if the object has been updated.
* `defaultTtl` - (Optional) Amount of time, in seconds, that objects are allowed to remain in the CloudFront cache before CloudFront sends a new request to the origin server to check if the object has been updated.
* `comment` - (Optional) Description for the cache policy.
* `parametersInCacheKeyAndForwardedToOrigin` - (Required) Configuration for including HTTP headers, cookies, and URL query strings in the cache key. For more information, refer to the [Parameters In Cache Key And Forwarded To Origin](#parameters-in-cache-key-and-forwarded-to-origin) section.

### Parameters In Cache Key And Forwarded To Origin

* `cookiesConfig` - (Required) Whether any cookies in viewer requests are included in the cache key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Cookies Config](#cookies-config) for more information.
* `headersConfig` - (Required) Whether any HTTP headers are included in the cache key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. See [Headers Config](#headers-config) for more information.
* `queryStringsConfig` - (Required) Whether any URL query strings in viewer requests are included in the cache key. It also automatically includes these query strings in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Please refer to the [Query String Config](#query-string-config) for more information.
* `enableAcceptEncodingBrotli` - (Optional) Flag determines whether the Accept-Encoding HTTP header is included in the cache key and in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin.
* `enableAcceptEncodingGzip` - (Optional) Whether the Accept-Encoding HTTP header is included in the cache key and in requests sent to the origin by CloudFront.

### Cookies Config

* `cookieBehavior` - (Required) Whether any cookies in viewer requests are included in the cache key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values for `cookie_behavior` are `none`, `whitelist`, `allExcept`, and `all`.
* `cookies` - (Optional) Object that contains a list of cookie names. See [Items](#items) for more information.

### Headers Config

* `headerBehavior` - (Required) Whether any HTTP headers are included in the cache key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values for `header_behavior` are `none` and `whitelist`.
* `headers` - (Optional) Object contains a list of header names. See [Items](#items) for more information.

### Query String Config

* `queryStringBehavior` - (Required) Whether URL query strings in viewer requests are included in the cache key and automatically included in requests that CloudFront sends to the origin. Valid values for `query_string_behavior` are `none`, `whitelist`, `allExcept`, and `all`.
* `queryStrings` - (Optional) Configuration parameter that contains a list of query string names. See [Items](#items) for more information.

### Items

* `items` - (Required) List of item names, such as cookies, headers, or query strings.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `etag` - Current version of the cache policy.
* `id` - Identifier for the cache policy.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import CloudFront cache policies using the `id` of the cache policy. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import CloudFront cache policies using the `id` of the cache policy. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_cloudfront_cache_policy.policy 658327ea-f89d-4fab-a63d-7e88639e58f6
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-8fda72f4e7c4165f1b2aa65dbf0738cc394e0490f46a68016d550c5ffee31214 -->