---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_response_headers_policy"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudFront response headers policy resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_cloudfront_response_headers_policy

Provides a CloudFront response headers policy resource.
A response headers policy contains information about a set of HTTP response headers and their values.
After you create a response headers policy, you can use its ID to attach it to one or more cache behaviors in a CloudFront distribution.
When it’s attached to a cache behavior, CloudFront adds the headers in the policy to every response that it sends for requests that match the cache behavior.

## Example Usage

The example below creates a CloudFront response headers policy.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy } from "./.gen/providers/aws/cloudfront-response-headers-policy";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy(this, "example", {
      comment: "test comment",
      corsConfig: {
        accessControlAllowCredentials: true,
        accessControlAllowHeaders: {
          items: ["test"],
        },
        accessControlAllowMethods: {
          items: ["GET"],
        },
        accessControlAllowOrigins: {
          items: ["test.example.comtest"],
        },
        originOverride: true,
      },
      name: "example-policy",
    });
  }
}

```

The example below creates a CloudFront response headers policy with a custom headers config.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy } from "./.gen/providers/aws/cloudfront-response-headers-policy";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy(this, "example", {
      customHeadersConfig: {
        items: [
          {
            header: "X-Permitted-Cross-Domain-Policies",
            override: true,
            value: "none",
          },
          {
            header: "X-Test",
            override: true,
            value: "none",
          },
        ],
      },
      name: "example-headers-policy",
    });
  }
}

```

The example below creates a CloudFront response headers policy with a custom headers config and server timing headers config.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy } from "./.gen/providers/aws/cloudfront-response-headers-policy";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy(this, "example", {
      customHeadersConfig: {
        items: [
          {
            header: "X-Permitted-Cross-Domain-Policies",
            override: true,
            value: "none",
          },
        ],
      },
      name: "example-headers-policy",
      serverTimingHeadersConfig: {
        enabled: true,
        samplingRate: 50,
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) A unique name to identify the response headers policy.
* `comment` - (Optional) A comment to describe the response headers policy. The comment cannot be longer than 128 characters.
* `corsConfig` - (Optional) A configuration for a set of HTTP response headers that are used for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS). See [Cors Config](#cors-config) for more information.
* `customHeadersConfig` - (Optional) Object that contains an attribute `items` that contains a list of custom headers. See [Custom Header](#custom-header) for more information.
* `removeHeadersConfig` - (Optional) A configuration for a set of HTTP headers to remove from the HTTP response. Object that contains an attribute `items` that contains a list of headers. See [Remove Header](#remove-header) for more information.
* `securityHeadersConfig` - (Optional) A configuration for a set of security-related HTTP response headers. See [Security Headers Config](#security-headers-config) for more information.
* `serverTimingHeadersConfig` - (Optional) A configuration for enabling the Server-Timing header in HTTP responses sent from CloudFront. See [Server Timing Headers Config](#server-timing-headers-config) for more information.

### Cors Config

* `accessControlAllowCredentials` - (Required) A Boolean value that CloudFront uses as the value for the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` HTTP response header.
* `accessControlAllowHeaders` - (Required) Object that contains an attribute `items` that contains a list of HTTP header names that CloudFront includes as values for the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` HTTP response header.
* `accessControlAllowMethods` - (Required) Object that contains an attribute `items` that contains a list of HTTP methods that CloudFront includes as values for the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` HTTP response header. Valid values: `GET` | `POST` | `OPTIONS` | `PUT` | `DELETE` | `HEAD` | `ALL`
* `accessControlAllowOrigins` - (Required) Object that contains an attribute `items` that contains a list of origins that CloudFront can use as the value for the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` HTTP response header.
* `accessControlExposeHeaders` - (Optional) Object that contains an attribute `items` that contains a list of HTTP headers that CloudFront includes as values for the `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` HTTP response header.
* `accessControlMaxAgeSec` - (Optional) A number that CloudFront uses as the value for the `Access-Control-Max-Age` HTTP response header.
* `originOverride` - (Required) A Boolean value that determines how CloudFront behaves for the HTTP response header.

### Custom Header

* `header` - (Required) The HTTP response header name.
* `override` - (Required) Whether CloudFront overrides a response header with the same name received from the origin with the header specifies here.
* `value` - (Required) The value for the HTTP response header.

### Remove Header

* `header` - (Required) The HTTP header name.

### Security Headers Config

* `contentSecurityPolicy` - (Optional) The policy directives and their values that CloudFront includes as values for the `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP response header. See [Content Security Policy](#content-security-policy) for more information.
* `contentTypeOptions` - (Optional) Determines whether CloudFront includes the `X-Content-Type-Options` HTTP response header with its value set to `nosniff`. See [Content Type Options](#content-type-options) for more information.
* `frameOptions` - (Optional) Determines whether CloudFront includes the `X-Frame-Options` HTTP response header and the header’s value. See [Frame Options](#frame-options) for more information.
* `referrerPolicy` - (Optional) Determines whether CloudFront includes the `Referrer-Policy` HTTP response header and the header’s value. See [Referrer Policy](#referrer-policy) for more information.
* `strictTransportSecurity` - (Optional) Determines whether CloudFront includes the `Strict-Transport-Security` HTTP response header and the header’s value. See [Strict Transport Security](#strict-transport-security) for more information.
* `xssProtection` - (Optional) Determine whether CloudFront includes the `X-XSS-Protection` HTTP response header and the header’s value. See [XSS Protection](#xss-protection) for more information.

### Content Security Policy

* `contentSecurityPolicy` - (Required) The policy directives and their values that CloudFront includes as values for the `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP response header.
* `override` - (Required) Whether CloudFront overrides the `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP response header received from the origin with the one specified in this response headers policy.

### Content Type Options

* `override` - (Required) Whether CloudFront overrides the `X-Content-Type-Options` HTTP response header received from the origin with the one specified in this response headers policy.

### Frame Options

* `frameOption` - (Required) The value of the `X-Frame-Options` HTTP response header. Valid values: `DENY` | `SAMEORIGIN`
* `override` - (Required) Whether CloudFront overrides the `X-Frame-Options` HTTP response header received from the origin with the one specified in this response headers policy.

### Referrer Policy

* `referrerPolicy` - (Required) The value of the `Referrer-Policy` HTTP response header. Valid Values: `no-referrer` | `no-referrer-when-downgrade` | `origin` | `origin-when-cross-origin` | `same-origin` | `strict-origin` | `strict-origin-when-cross-origin` | `unsafe-url`
* `override` - (Required) Whether CloudFront overrides the `Referrer-Policy` HTTP response header received from the origin with the one specified in this response headers policy.

### Strict Transport Security

* `accessControlMaxAgeSec` - (Required) A number that CloudFront uses as the value for the `max-age` directive in the `Strict-Transport-Security` HTTP response header.
* `includeSubdomains` - (Optional) Whether CloudFront includes the `includeSubDomains` directive in the `Strict-Transport-Security` HTTP response header.
* `override` - (Required) Whether CloudFront overrides the `Strict-Transport-Security` HTTP response header received from the origin with the one specified in this response headers policy.
* `preload` - (Optional) Whether CloudFront includes the `preload` directive in the `Strict-Transport-Security` HTTP response header.

### XSS Protection

* `modeBlock` - (Optional) Whether CloudFront includes the `mode=block` directive in the `X-XSS-Protection` header.
* `override` - (Required) Whether CloudFront overrides the `X-XSS-Protection` HTTP response header received from the origin with the one specified in this response headers policy.
* `protection` - (Required) A Boolean value that determines the value of the `X-XSS-Protection` HTTP response header. When this setting is `true`, the value of the `X-XSS-Protection` header is `1`. When this setting is `false`, the value of the `X-XSS-Protection` header is `0`.
* `reportUri` - (Optional) A reporting URI, which CloudFront uses as the value of the report directive in the `X-XSS-Protection` header. You cannot specify a `reportUri` when `modeBlock` is `true`.

### Server Timing Headers Config

* `enabled` - (Required) A Whether CloudFront adds the `Server-Timing` header to HTTP responses that it sends in response to requests that match a cache behavior that's associated with this response headers policy.
* `samplingRate` - (Required) A number 0–100 (inclusive) that specifies the percentage of responses that you want CloudFront to add the Server-Timing header to. Valid range: Minimum value of 0.0. Maximum value of 100.0.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `etag` - The current version of the response headers policy.
* `id` - The identifier for the response headers policy.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Cloudfront Response Headers Policies using the `id`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy } from "./.gen/providers/aws/cloudfront-response-headers-policy";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    CloudfrontResponseHeadersPolicy.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "policy",
      "658327ea-f89d-4fab-a63d-7e88639e58f9"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Cloudfront Response Headers Policies using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_cloudfront_response_headers_policy.policy 658327ea-f89d-4fab-a63d-7e88639e58f9
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-15a6be73fafecd64814710cc46b232493b1b75d7043901288106fe05e9584aec -->