---
subcategory: "CodeCatalyst"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_codecatalyst_dev_environment"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS CodeCatalyst Devenvironment.
---

<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_codecatalyst_dev_environment

Terraform resource for managing an AWS CodeCatalyst Dev Environment.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { CodecatalystDevEnvironment } from "./.gen/providers/aws/codecatalyst-dev-environment";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new CodecatalystDevEnvironment(this, "test", {
      alias: "devenv",
      ides: {
        name: "PyCharm",
        runtime: "public.ecr.aws/jetbrains/py",
      },
      inactivityTimeoutMinutes: 40,
      instanceType: "dev.standard1.small",
      persistentStorage: {
        size: 16,
      },
      projectName: "myproject",
      repositories: [
        {
          branchName: "main",
          repositoryName: "terraform-provider-aws",
        },
      ],
      spaceName: "myspace",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `spaceName` - (Required) The name of the space.
* `projectName` - (Required) The name of the project in the space.
* `persistentStorage` - (Required) Information about the amount of storage allocated to the Dev Environment.
* `ides` - (Required) Information about the integrated development environment (IDE) configured for a Dev Environment.
* `instanceType` - (Required) The Amazon EC2 instace type to use for the Dev Environment. Valid values include dev.standard1.small,dev.standard1.medium,dev.standard1.large,dev.standard1.xlarge

The following arguments are optional:

* `inactivityTimeoutMinutes` - (Optional) The amount of time the Dev Environment will run without any activity detected before stopping, in minutes. Only whole integers are allowed. Dev Environments consume compute minutes when running.
* `repositories` - (Optional) The source repository that contains the branch to clone into the Dev Environment.

ides (`ides`) supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the IDE. Valid values include Cloud9, IntelliJ, PyCharm, GoLand, and VSCode.
* `runtime` - (Required) A link to the IDE runtime image. This parameter is not required if the name is VSCode. Values of the runtime can be for example public.ecr.aws/jetbrains/py,public.ecr.aws/jetbrains/go

repositories (`repositories`) supports the following:

* `repositoryName` - (Required) The name of the source repository.
* `branchName` - (Optional) The name of the branch in a source repository.

persistent storage (` persistent_storage`) supports the following:

* `size` - (Required) The size of the persistent storage in gigabytes (specifically GiB). Valid values for storage are based on memory sizes in 16GB increments. Valid values are 16, 32, and 64.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Unique identifier for the Dev Environment

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `create` - (Default `30m`)
- `update` - (Default `10m`)
- `delete` - (Default `10m`)

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-83072c31095d92a81b54f714ca680dc32ebce04ee3482f885395e5500cfeace5 -->