---
subcategory: "Comprehend"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_comprehend_document_classifier"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Comprehend Document Classifier.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_comprehend_document_classifier

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Comprehend Document Classifier.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ComprehendDocumentClassifier } from "./.gen/providers/aws/comprehend-document-classifier";
import { S3Object } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-object";
interface MyConfig {
  bucket: any;
  key: any;
  bucket1: any;
  key1: any;
}
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string, config: MyConfig) {
    super(scope, name);
    const documents = new S3Object(this, "documents", {
      bucket: config.bucket,
      key: config.key,
    });
    new S3Object(this, "entities", {
      bucket: config.bucket1,
      key: config.key1,
    });
    new ComprehendDocumentClassifier(this, "example", {
      dataAccessRoleArn: Token.asString(awsIamRoleExample.arn),
      dependsOn: [awsIamRolePolicyExample],
      inputDataConfig: {
        s3Uri: "s3://${" + test.bucket + "}/${" + documents.id + "}",
      },
      languageCode: "en",
      name: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `dataAccessRoleArn` - (Required) The ARN for an IAM Role which allows Comprehend to read the training and testing data.
* `inputDataConfig` - (Required) Configuration for the training and testing data.
  See the [`inputDataConfig` Configuration Block](#input_data_config-configuration-block) section below.
* `languageCode` - (Required) Two-letter language code for the language.
  One of `en`, `es`, `fr`, `it`, `de`, or `pt`.
* `name` - (Required) Name for the Document Classifier.
  Has a maximum length of 63 characters.
  Can contain upper- and lower-case letters, numbers, and hypen (`-`).

The following arguments are optional:

* `mode` - (Optional, Default: `MULTI_CLASS`) The document classification mode.
  One of `MULTI_CLASS` or `MULTI_LABEL`.
  `MULTI_CLASS` is also known as "Single Label" in the AWS Console.
* `modelKmsKeyId` - (Optional) KMS Key used to encrypt trained Document Classifiers.
  Can be a KMS Key ID or a KMS Key ARN.
* `outputDataConfig` - (Optional) Configuration for the output results of training.
  See the [`outputDataConfig` Configuration Block](#output_data_config-configuration-block) section below.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` Configuration Block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `versionName` - (Optional) Name for the version of the Document Classifier.
  Each version must have a unique name within the Document Classifier.
  If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique version name.
  If explicitly set to `""`, no version name will be set.
  Has a maximum length of 63 characters.
  Can contain upper- and lower-case letters, numbers, and hypen (`-`).
  Conflicts with `versionNamePrefix`.
* `versionNamePrefix` - (Optional) Creates a unique version name beginning with the specified prefix.
  Has a maximum length of 37 characters.
  Can contain upper- and lower-case letters, numbers, and hypen (`-`).
  Conflicts with `versionName`.
* `volumeKmsKeyId` - (Optional) KMS Key used to encrypt storage volumes during job processing.
  Can be a KMS Key ID or a KMS Key ARN.
* `vpcConfig` - (Optional) Configuration parameters for VPC to contain Document Classifier resources.
  See the [`vpcConfig` Configuration Block](#vpc_config-configuration-block) section below.

### `inputDataConfig` Configuration Block

* `augmentedManifests` - (Optional) List of training datasets produced by Amazon SageMaker Ground Truth.
  Used if `dataFormat` is `AUGMENTED_MANIFEST`.
  See the [`augmentedManifests` Configuration Block](#augmented_manifests-configuration-block) section below.
* `dataFormat` - (Optional, Default: `COMPREHEND_CSV`) The format for the training data.
  One of `COMPREHEND_CSV` or `AUGMENTED_MANIFEST`.
* `labelDelimiter` - (Optional) Delimiter between labels when training a multi-label classifier.
  Valid values are `|`, `~`, `!`, `@`, `#`, `$`, `%`, `^`, `*`, `-`, `_`, `+`, `=`, `\`, `:`, `;`, `>`, `?`, `/`, `<space>`, and `<tab>`.
  Default is `|`.
* `s3Uri` - (Optional) Location of training documents.
  Used if `dataFormat` is `COMPREHEND_CSV`.
* `test_s3uri` - (Optional) Location of test documents.

### `augmentedManifests` Configuration Block

* `annotationDataS3Uri` - (Optional) Location of annotation files.
* `attributeNames` - (Required) The JSON attribute that contains the annotations for the training documents.
* `documentType` - (Optional, Default: `PLAIN_TEXT_DOCUMENT`) Type of augmented manifest.
  One of `PLAIN_TEXT_DOCUMENT` or `SEMI_STRUCTURED_DOCUMENT`.
* `s3Uri` - (Required) Location of augmented manifest file.
* `sourceDocumentsS3Uri` - (Optional) Location of source PDF files.
* `split` - (Optional, Default: `TRAIN`) Purpose of data in augmented manifest.
  One of `TRAIN` or `TEST`.

### `outputDataConfig` Configuration Block

* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) KMS Key used to encrypt the output documents.
  Can be a KMS Key ID, a KMS Key ARN, a KMS Alias name, or a KMS Alias ARN.
* `outputS3Uri` - (Computed) Full path for the output documents.
* `s3Uri` - (Required) Destination path for the output documents.
  The full path to the output file will be returned in `outputS3Uri`.

### `vpcConfig` Configuration Block

* `securityGroupIds` - (Required) List of security group IDs.
* `subnets` - (Required) List of VPC subnets.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the Document Classifier version.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

`aws_comprehend_document_classifier` provides the following [Timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) configuration options:

* `create` - (Optional, Default: `60m`)
* `update` - (Optional, Default: `60m`)
* `delete` - (Optional, Default: `30m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Comprehend Document Classifier using the ARN. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ComprehendDocumentClassifier } from "./.gen/providers/aws/comprehend-document-classifier";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    ComprehendDocumentClassifier.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "example",
      "arn:aws:comprehend:us-west-2:123456789012:document_classifier/example"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Comprehend Document Classifier using the ARN. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_comprehend_document_classifier.example arn:aws:comprehend:us-west-2:123456789012:document_classifier/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-3bdf44a11e1e62cc863f8955dc4387827ea8dcfb6ef1cd3b96e5d632e2eea8cf -->