---
subcategory: "Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_connect_routing_profile"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Routing Profile.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_connect_routing_profile

Provides an Amazon Connect Routing Profile resource. For more information see
[Amazon Connect: Getting Started](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/amazon-connect-get-started.html)

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ConnectRoutingProfile } from "./.gen/providers/aws/connect-routing-profile";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new ConnectRoutingProfile(this, "example", {
      defaultOutboundQueueId: "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012",
      description: "example description",
      instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
      mediaConcurrencies: [
        {
          channel: "VOICE",
          concurrency: 1,
        },
      ],
      name: "example",
      queueConfigs: [
        {
          channel: "VOICE",
          delay: 2,
          priority: 1,
          queueId: "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012",
        },
      ],
      tags: {
        Name: "Example Routing Profile",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `defaultOutboundQueueId` - (Required) Specifies the default outbound queue for the Routing Profile.
* `description` - (Required) Specifies the description of the Routing Profile.
* `instanceId` - (Required) Specifies the identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance.
* `mediaConcurrencies` - (Required) One or more `media_concurrencies` blocks that specify the channels that agents can handle in the Contact Control Panel (CCP) for this Routing Profile. The `media_concurrencies` block is documented below.
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Routing Profile.
* `queueConfigs` - (Optional) One or more `queue_configs` blocks that specify the inbound queues associated with the routing profile. If no queue is added, the agent only can make outbound calls. The `queue_configs` block is documented below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Tags to apply to the Routing Profile. If configured with a provider
[`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

A `mediaConcurrencies` block supports the following arguments:

* `channel` - (Required) Specifies the channels that agents can handle in the Contact Control Panel (CCP). Valid values are `VOICE`, `CHAT`, `TASK`.
* `concurrency` - (Required) Specifies the number of contacts an agent can have on a channel simultaneously. Valid Range for `VOICE`: Minimum value of 1. Maximum value of 1. Valid Range for `CHAT`: Minimum value of 1. Maximum value of 10. Valid Range for `TASK`: Minimum value of 1. Maximum value of 10.

A `queueConfigs` block supports the following arguments:

* `channel` - (Required) Specifies the channels agents can handle in the Contact Control Panel (CCP) for this routing profile. Valid values are `VOICE`, `CHAT`, `TASK`.
* `delay` - (Required) Specifies the delay, in seconds, that a contact should be in the queue before they are routed to an available agent
* `priority` - (Required) Specifies the order in which contacts are to be handled for the queue.
* `queueId` - (Required) Specifies the identifier for the queue.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Routing Profile.
* `id` - The identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance and identifier of the Routing Profile separated by a colon (`:`).
* `queueConfigs` - In addition to the arguments used in the `queue_configs` argument block, there are additional attributes exported within the `queue_configs` block. These additional attributes are documented below.
* `routingProfileId` - The identifier for the Routing Profile.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

A `queueConfigs` block supports the following attributes in addition to the arguments defined earlier:

* `queueArn` - ARN for the queue.
* `queueName` - Name for the queue.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Amazon Connect Routing Profiles using the `instanceId` and `routingProfileId` separated by a colon (`:`). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Amazon Connect Routing Profiles using the `instanceId` and `routingProfileId` separated by a colon (`:`). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_connect_routing_profile.example f1288a1f-6193-445a-b47e-af739b2:c1d4e5f6-1b3c-1b3c-1b3c-c1d4e5f6c1d4e5
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-1f2cd7ee9876fa36ee4179b3d2a05a02f4d68fe3bb0d9a30414b3a35c3873635 -->