---
subcategory: "Data Exchange"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_dataexchange_revision_assets"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing AWS Data Exchange Revision Assets.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_dataexchange_revision_assets

Terraform resource for managing AWS Data Exchange Revision Assets.

~> Note: This resource creates a new revision and adds associated assets. Destroying this resource will delete the revision and all associated assets.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataexchangeRevisionAssets } from "./.gen/providers/aws/dataexchange-revision-assets";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataexchangeRevisionAssets(this, "example", {
      asset: [
        {
          createS3DataAccessFromS3Bucket: [
            {
              assetSource: [
                {
                  bucket: "example-bucket",
                },
              ],
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      dataSetId: "example-data-set-id",
      tags: {
        Environment: "Production",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `dataSetId` - (Required) Unique identifier for the data set associated with the revision.
* `asset` - (Required) A block to define the asset associated with the revision. See [Asset](#asset) for more details.

The following arguments are optional:

* `comment` - (Optional) A comment for the revision. Maximum length is 16,348 characters.
* `finalize` - (Optional) Finalized a revision. Defaults to `false`.
* `force_destoy` - (Optional) Force destroy the revision. Defaults to `false`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### asset

* `createS3DataAccessFromS3Bucket` - (Optional) A block to create S3 data access from an S3 bucket. See [Create S3 Data Access from S3 Bucket](#create_s3_data_access_from_s3_bucket) for more details.
* `importAssetsFromS3` - (Optional) A block to import assets from S3. See [Import Assets from S3](#import_assets_from_s3) for more details.
* `importAssetsFromSignedUrl` - (Optional) A block to import assets from a signed URL. See [Import Assets from Signed URL](#import_assets_from_signed_url) for more details.

#### create_s3_data_access_from_s3_bucket

* `assetSource` - (Required) A block specifying the source bucket for the asset. This block supports the following:
    * `bucket` - (Required) The name of the S3 bucket.
        * `keys` - (Required) List of object keys in the S3 bucket.
        * `keyPrefixes` - (Optional) List of key prefixes in the S3 bucket.
        * `kms_key_to_grant` - (Optional) A block specifying the KMS key to grant access. This block supports the following:
            * `kmsKeyArn` - (Required) The ARN of the KMS key.

### import_assets_from_s3

* `assetSource` - (Required) A block specifying the source bucket and key for the asset. This block supports the following:
    * `bucket` - (Required) The name of the S3 bucket.
    * `key` - (Required) The key of the object in the S3 bucket.

### import_assets_from_signed_url

* `filename` - (Required) The name of the file to import.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The ARN of the Data Exchange Revision Assets.
* `id` - The unique identifier for the revision.
* `createdAt` - The timestamp when the revision was created, in RFC3339 format.
* `updatedAt` - The timestamp when the revision was last updated, in RFC3339 format.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

Configuration options:

* `create` - (Default 30m) Time to create the revision.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-4ae5eedda9a3989d65ffa777a1493b28e5d6b3150ca13a0b1e3687e00bd1f73d -->