---
subcategory: "EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_capacity_reservation"
description: |-
  Provides an EC2 Capacity Reservation. This allows you to reserve capacity for your Amazon EC2 instances in a specific Availability Zone for any duration.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_ec2_capacity_reservation

Provides an EC2 Capacity Reservation. This allows you to reserve capacity for your Amazon EC2 instances in a specific Availability Zone for any duration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { Ec2CapacityReservation } from "./.gen/providers/aws/ec2-capacity-reservation";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new Ec2CapacityReservation(this, "default", {
      availabilityZone: "eu-west-1a",
      instanceCount: 1,
      instancePlatform: "Linux/UNIX",
      instanceType: "t2.micro",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `availabilityZone` - (Required) The Availability Zone in which to create the Capacity Reservation.
* `ebsOptimized` - (Optional) Indicates whether the Capacity Reservation supports EBS-optimized instances.
* `endDate` - (Optional) The date and time at which the Capacity Reservation expires. When a Capacity Reservation expires, the reserved capacity is released and you can no longer launch instances into it. Valid values: [RFC3339 time string](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) (`yyyyMmDdthh:mm:ssz`)
* `endDateType` - (Optional) Indicates the way in which the Capacity Reservation ends. Specify either `unlimited` or `limited`.
* `ephemeralStorage` - (Optional) Indicates whether the Capacity Reservation supports instances with temporary, block-level storage.
* `instanceCount` - (Required) The number of instances for which to reserve capacity.
* `instanceMatchCriteria` - (Optional) Indicates the type of instance launches that the Capacity Reservation accepts. Specify either `open` or `targeted`.
* `instancePlatform` - (Required) The type of operating system for which to reserve capacity. Valid options are `linux/unix`, `Red Hat Enterprise Linux`, `SUSE Linux`, `windows`, `Windows with SQL Server`, `Windows with SQL Server Enterprise`, `Windows with SQL Server Standard` or `Windows with SQL Server Web`.
* `instanceType` - (Required) The instance type for which to reserve capacity.
* `outpostArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Outpost on which to create the Capacity Reservation.
* `placementGroupArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the cluster placement group in which to create the Capacity Reservation.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `tenancy` - (Optional) Indicates the tenancy of the Capacity Reservation. Specify either `default` or `dedicated`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Capacity Reservation ID.
* `ownerId` - The ID of the AWS account that owns the Capacity Reservation.
* `arn` - The ARN of the Capacity Reservation.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block)

## Import

Capacity Reservations can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_ec2_capacity_reservation.web cr-0123456789abcdef0
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.1 input-5de72e0a8199275fad3ad56e38ae6035b7b1ce0b96844b6338e061c1672a9bd9 -->