---
subcategory: "Transit Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_transit_gateway_vpc_attachment_accepter"
description: |-
  Manages the accepter's side of an EC2 Transit Gateway VPC Attachment
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_ec2_transit_gateway_vpc_attachment_accepter

Manages the accepter's side of an EC2 Transit Gateway VPC Attachment.

When a cross-account (requester's AWS account differs from the accepter's AWS account) EC2 Transit Gateway VPC Attachment
is created, an EC2 Transit Gateway VPC Attachment resource is automatically created in the accepter's account.
The requester can use the `awsEc2TransitGatewayVpcAttachment` resource to manage its side of the connection
and the accepter can use the `awsEc2TransitGatewayVpcAttachmentAccepter` resource to "adopt" its side of the
connection into management.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { Ec2TransitGatewayVpcAttachmentAccepter } from "./.gen/providers/aws/ec2-transit-gateway-vpc-attachment-accepter";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new Ec2TransitGatewayVpcAttachmentAccepter(this, "example", {
      tags: {
        Name: "Example cross-account attachment",
      },
      transitGatewayAttachmentId: Token.asString(
        awsEc2TransitGatewayVpcAttachmentExample.id
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

A full example of how to create a Transit Gateway in one AWS account, share it with a second AWS account, and attach a VPC in the second account to the Transit Gateway via the `awsEc2TransitGatewayVpcAttachment` and `awsEc2TransitGatewayVpcAttachmentAccepter` resources can be found in [the `/examples/transitGatewayCrossAccountVpcAttachment` directory within the Github Repository](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/tree/main/examples/transit-gateway-cross-account-vpc-attachment).

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `transitGatewayAttachmentId` - (Required) The ID of the EC2 Transit Gateway Attachment to manage.
* `transitGatewayDefaultRouteTableAssociation` - (Optional) Boolean whether the VPC Attachment should be associated with the EC2 Transit Gateway association default route table. Default value: `true`.
* `transitGatewayDefaultRouteTablePropagation` - (Optional) Boolean whether the VPC Attachment should propagate routes with the EC2 Transit Gateway propagation default route table. Default value: `true`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value tags for the EC2 Transit Gateway VPC Attachment. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - EC2 Transit Gateway Attachment identifier
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `applianceModeSupport` - Whether Appliance Mode support is enabled. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.
* `dnsSupport` - Whether DNS support is enabled. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.
* `ipv6Support` - Whether IPv6 support is enabled. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.
* `subnetIds` - Identifiers of EC2 Subnets.
* `transitGatewayId` - Identifier of EC2 Transit Gateway.
* `vpcId` - Identifier of EC2 VPC.
* `vpcOwnerId` - Identifier of the AWS account that owns the EC2 VPC.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `awsEc2TransitGatewayVpcAttachmentAccepter` using the EC2 Transit Gateway Attachment identifier. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import `awsEc2TransitGatewayVpcAttachmentAccepter` using the EC2 Transit Gateway Attachment identifier. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_ec2_transit_gateway_vpc_attachment_accepter.example tgw-attach-12345678
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-ecbf6dbf5eb02fc6c50aa5f135ccaddf1f97a389191703614a66b382e746bf66 -->