---
subcategory: "Transit Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_transit_gateway"
description: |-
  Manages an EC2 Transit Gateway
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_ec2_transit_gateway

Manages an EC2 Transit Gateway.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { Ec2TransitGateway } from "./.gen/providers/aws/ec2-transit-gateway";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new Ec2TransitGateway(this, "example", {
      description: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `amazonSideAsn` - (Optional) Private Autonomous System Number (ASN) for the Amazon side of a BGP session. The range is `64512` to `65534` for 16-bit ASNs and `4200000000` to `4294967294` for 32-bit ASNs. Default value: `64512`.

-> **NOTE:** Modifying `amazonSideAsn` on a Transit Gateway with active BGP sessions is [not allowed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_ModifyTransitGatewayOptions.html). You must first delete all Transit Gateway attachments that have BGP configured prior to modifying `amazonSideAsn`.

* `autoAcceptSharedAttachments` - (Optional) Whether resource attachment requests are automatically accepted. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`. Default value: `disable`.
* `defaultRouteTableAssociation` - (Optional) Whether resource attachments are automatically associated with the default association route table. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`. Default value: `enable`.
* `defaultRouteTablePropagation` - (Optional) Whether resource attachments automatically propagate routes to the default propagation route table. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`. Default value: `enable`.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the EC2 Transit Gateway.
* `dnsSupport` - (Optional) Whether DNS support is enabled. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`. Default value: `enable`.
* `multicastSupport` - (Optional) Whether Multicast support is enabled. Required to use `ec2_transit_gateway_multicast_domain`. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`. Default value: `disable`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value tags for the EC2 Transit Gateway. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `transitGatewayCidrBlocks` - (Optional) One or more IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR blocks for the transit gateway. Must be a size /24 CIDR block or larger for IPv4, or a size /64 CIDR block or larger for IPv6.
* `vpnEcmpSupport` - (Optional) Whether VPN Equal Cost Multipath Protocol support is enabled. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`. Default value: `enable`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - EC2 Transit Gateway Amazon Resource Name (ARN)
* `associationDefaultRouteTableId` - Identifier of the default association route table
* `id` - EC2 Transit Gateway identifier
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `ownerId` - Identifier of the AWS account that owns the EC2 Transit Gateway
* `propagationDefaultRouteTableId` - Identifier of the default propagation route table

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `create` - (Default `10m`)
- `update` - (Default `10m`)
- `delete` - (Default `10m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `awsEc2TransitGateway` using the EC2 Transit Gateway identifier. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import `awsEc2TransitGateway` using the EC2 Transit Gateway identifier. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_ec2_transit_gateway.example tgw-12345678
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-8abb713f19097861ce297d1a598e2ebacc47c1a42889776410c75cd929a248ea -->