---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe"
description: |-
    Manage an Image Builder Container Recipe
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe

Manages an Image Builder Container Recipe.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ImagebuilderContainerRecipe } from "./.gen/providers/aws/imagebuilder-container-recipe";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new ImagebuilderContainerRecipe(this, "example", {
      component: [
        {
          componentArn: Token.asString(awsImagebuilderComponentExample.arn),
          parameter: [
            {
              name: "Parameter1",
              value: "Value1",
            },
            {
              name: "Parameter2",
              value: "Value2",
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      containerType: "DOCKER",
      dockerfileTemplateData:
        "FROM {{{ imagebuilder:parentImage }}}\n{{{ imagebuilder:environments }}}\n{{{ imagebuilder:components }}}\n\n",
      name: "example",
      parentImage:
        "arn:aws:imagebuilder:eu-central-1:aws:image/amazon-linux-x86-latest/x.x.x",
      targetRepository: {
        repositoryName: Token.asString(awsEcrRepositoryExample.name),
        service: "ECR",
      },
      version: "1.0.0",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `component` - (Required) Ordered configuration block(s) with components for the container recipe. Detailed below.
* `containerType` - (Required) The type of the container to create. Valid values: `DOCKER`.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the container recipe.
* `parentImage` (Required) The base image for the container recipe.
* `targetRepository` (Required) The destination repository for the container image. Detailed below.
* `version` (Required) Version of the container recipe.

The following attributes are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the container recipe.
* `dockerfileTemplateData` - (Optional) The Dockerfile template used to build the image as an inline data blob.
* `dockerfileTemplateUri` - (Optional) The Amazon S3 URI for the Dockerfile that will be used to build the container image.
* `instanceConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block used to configure an instance for building and testing container images. Detailed below.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) The KMS key used to encrypt the container image.
* `platformOverride` - (Optional) Specifies the operating system platform when you use a custom base image.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags for the container recipe. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `workingDirectory` - (Optional) The working directory to be used during build and test workflows.

### component

The `component` block supports the following arguments:

* `componentArn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Image Builder Component to associate.
* `parameter` - (Optional) Configuration block(s) for parameters to configure the component. Detailed below.

### parameter

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the component parameter.
* `value` - (Required) The value for the named component parameter.

### target_repository

The following arguments are required:

* `repositoryName` - (Required) The name of the container repository where the output container image is stored. This name is prefixed by the repository location.
* `service` - (Required) The service in which this image is registered. Valid values: `ECR`.

### instance_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `blockDeviceMapping` - (Optional) Configuration block(s) with block device mappings for the container recipe. Detailed below.
* `image` - (Optional) The AMI ID to use as the base image for a container build and test instance. If not specified, Image Builder will use the appropriate ECS-optimized AMI as a base image.

### block_device_mapping

The following arguments are optional:

* `deviceName` - (Optional) Name of the device. For example, `/dev/sda` or `/dev/xvdb`.
* `ebs` - (Optional) Configuration block with Elastic Block Storage (EBS) block device mapping settings. Detailed below.
* `noDevice` - (Optional) Set to `true` to remove a mapping from the parent image.
* `virtualName` - (Optional) Virtual device name. For example, `ephemeral0`. Instance store volumes are numbered starting from 0.

#### ebs

The following arguments are optional:

* `deleteOnTermination` - (Optional) Whether to delete the volume on termination. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
* `encrypted` - (Optional) Whether to encrypt the volume. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
* `iops` - (Optional) Number of Input/Output (I/O) operations per second to provision for an `io1` or `io2` volume.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Key Management Service (KMS) Key for encryption.
* `snapshotId` - (Optional) Identifier of the EC2 Volume Snapshot.
* `throughput` - (Optional) For GP3 volumes only. The throughput in MiB/s that the volume supports.
* `volumeSize` - (Optional) Size of the volume, in GiB.
* `volumeType` - (Optional) Type of the volume. For example, `gp2` or `io2`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container recipe.
* `dateCreated` - Date the container recipe was created.
* `encrypted` - A flag that indicates if the target container is encrypted.
* `owner` - Owner of the container recipe.
* `platform` - Platform of the container recipe.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `awsImagebuilderContainerRecipe` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import `awsImagebuilderContainerRecipe` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe.example arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:container-recipe/example/1.0.0
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-b616803b9b163166c8ca8e3572b4ae2a3b7520be71fb4d2736f37a4c59c66771 -->