---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration"
description: |-
    Manage an Image Builder Distribution Configuration
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration

Manages an Image Builder Distribution Configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration } from "./.gen/providers/aws/imagebuilder-distribution-configuration";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration(this, "example", {
      distribution: [
        {
          amiDistributionConfiguration: {
            amiTags: {
              CostCenter: "IT",
            },
            launchPermission: {
              userIds: ["123456789012"],
            },
            name: "example-{{ imagebuilder:buildDate }}",
          },
          launchTemplateConfiguration: [
            {
              launchTemplateId: "lt-0aaa1bcde2ff3456",
            },
          ],
          region: "us-east-1",
        },
      ],
      name: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the distribution configuration.
* `distribution` - (Required) One or more configuration blocks with distribution settings. Detailed below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the distribution configuration.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags for the distribution configuration. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### distribution

The following arguments are required:

* `region` - (Required) AWS Region for the distribution.

The following arguments are optional:

* `amiDistributionConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block with Amazon Machine Image (AMI) distribution settings. Detailed below.
* `containerDistributionConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block with container distribution settings. Detailed below.
* `fastLaunchConfiguration` - (Optional) Set of Windows faster-launching configurations to use for AMI distribution. Detailed below.
* `launchTemplateConfiguration` - (Optional) Set of launch template configuration settings that apply to image distribution. Detailed below.
* `licenseConfigurationArns` - (Optional) Set of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of License Manager License Configurations.

### ami_distribution_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `amiTags` - (Optional) Key-value map of tags to apply to the distributed AMI.
* `description` - (Optional) Description to apply to the distributed AMI.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Key Management Service (KMS) Key to encrypt the distributed AMI.
* `launchPermission` - (Optional) Configuration block of EC2 launch permissions to apply to the distributed AMI. Detailed below.
* `name` - (Optional) Name to apply to the distributed AMI.
* `targetAccountIds` - (Optional) Set of AWS Account identifiers to distribute the AMI.

### launch_permission

The following arguments are optional:

* `organizationArns` - (Optional) Set of AWS Organization ARNs to assign.
* `organizationalUnitArns` - (Optional) Set of AWS Organizational Unit ARNs to assign.
* `userGroups` - (Optional) Set of EC2 launch permission user groups to assign. Use `all` to distribute a public AMI.
* `userIds` - (Optional) Set of AWS Account identifiers to assign.

### container_distribution_configuration

* `containerTags` - (Optional) Set of tags that are attached to the container distribution configuration.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the container distribution configuration.
* `targetRepository` (Required) Configuration block with the destination repository for the container distribution configuration.

### target_repository

* `repositoryName` - (Required) The name of the container repository where the output container image is stored. This name is prefixed by the repository location.
* `service` - (Required) The service in which this image is registered. Valid values: `ECR`.

### fast_launch_configuration

* `accountId` - (Required) The owner account ID for the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.
* `enabled` - (Required) A Boolean that represents the current state of faster launching for the Windows AMI. Set to `true` to start using Windows faster launching, or `false` to stop using it.
* `launchTemplate` - (Optional) Configuration block for the launch template that the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI uses when it launches Windows instances to create pre-provisioned snapshots. Detailed below.
* `maxParallelLaunches` - (Optional) The maximum number of parallel instances that are launched for creating resources.
* `snapshotConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block for managing the number of snapshots that are created from pre-provisioned instances for the Windows AMI when faster launching is enabled. Detailed below.

### launch_template

* `launchTemplateId` - (Optional) The ID of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
* `launchTemplateName` - (Optional) The name of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
* `launchTemplateVersion` - (Optional) The version of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.

### snapshot_configuration

* `targetResourceCount` - (Optional) The number of pre-provisioned snapshots to keep on hand for a fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.

### launch_template_configuration

* `default` - (Optional) Indicates whether to set the specified Amazon EC2 launch template as the default launch template. Defaults to `true`.
* `accountId` - The account ID that this configuration applies to.
* `launchTemplateId` - (Required) The ID of the Amazon EC2 launch template to use.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the distribution configuration.
* `dateCreated` - Date the distribution configuration was created.
* `dateUpdated` - Date the distribution configuration was updated.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configurations` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration } from "./.gen/providers/aws/imagebuilder-distribution-configuration";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "example",
      "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:distribution-configuration/example"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configurations` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration.example arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:distribution-configuration/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-6d8db82ff70fd71c294a27408592fa6427acf20679476b6f735995d9df579444 -->