---
subcategory: "Kinesis Analytics"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_kinesis_analytics_application"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS Kinesis Analytics Application
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_kinesis_analytics_application

Provides a Kinesis Analytics Application resource. Kinesis Analytics is a managed service that
allows processing and analyzing streaming data using standard SQL.

For more details, see the [Amazon Kinesis Analytics Documentation][1].

-> **Note:** To manage Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics for Apache Flink applications, use the [`awsKinesisanalyticsv2Application`](/docs/providers/aws/r/kinesisanalyticsv2_application.html) resource.

## Example Usage

### Kinesis Stream Input

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { KinesisAnalyticsApplication } from "./.gen/providers/aws/kinesis-analytics-application";
import { KinesisStream } from "./.gen/providers/aws/kinesis-stream";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const testStream = new KinesisStream(this, "test_stream", {
      name: "terraform-kinesis-test",
      shardCount: 1,
    });
    new KinesisAnalyticsApplication(this, "test_application", {
      inputs: {
        kinesisStream: {
          resourceArn: testStream.arn,
          roleArn: test.arn,
        },
        namePrefix: "test_prefix",
        parallelism: {
          count: 1,
        },
        schema: {
          recordColumns: [
            {
              mapping: "$.test",
              name: "test",
              sqlType: "VARCHAR(8)",
            },
          ],
          recordEncoding: "UTF-8",
          recordFormat: {
            mappingParameters: {
              json: {
                recordRowPath: "$",
              },
            },
          },
        },
      },
      name: "kinesis-analytics-application-test",
    });
  }
}

```

### Starting An Application

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { CloudwatchLogGroup } from "./.gen/providers/aws/cloudwatch-log-group";
import { CloudwatchLogStream } from "./.gen/providers/aws/cloudwatch-log-stream";
import { KinesisAnalyticsApplication } from "./.gen/providers/aws/kinesis-analytics-application";
import { KinesisFirehoseDeliveryStream } from "./.gen/providers/aws/kinesis-firehose-delivery-stream";
import { KinesisStream } from "./.gen/providers/aws/kinesis-stream";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const example = new CloudwatchLogGroup(this, "example", {
      name: "analytics",
    });
    const awsCloudwatchLogStreamExample = new CloudwatchLogStream(
      this,
      "example_1",
      {
        logGroupName: example.name,
        name: "example-kinesis-application",
      }
    );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    awsCloudwatchLogStreamExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const awsKinesisFirehoseDeliveryStreamExample =
      new KinesisFirehoseDeliveryStream(this, "example_2", {
        destination: "extended_s3",
        extendedS3Configuration: {
          bucketArn: Token.asString(awsS3BucketExample.arn),
          roleArn: Token.asString(awsIamRoleExample.arn),
        },
        name: "example-kinesis-delivery-stream",
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    awsKinesisFirehoseDeliveryStreamExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const awsKinesisStreamExample = new KinesisStream(this, "example_3", {
      name: "example-kinesis-stream",
      shardCount: 1,
    });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    awsKinesisStreamExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    new KinesisAnalyticsApplication(this, "test", {
      cloudwatchLoggingOptions: {
        logStreamArn: Token.asString(awsCloudwatchLogStreamExample.arn),
        roleArn: Token.asString(awsIamRoleExample.arn),
      },
      inputs: {
        kinesisStream: {
          resourceArn: Token.asString(awsKinesisStreamExample.arn),
          roleArn: Token.asString(awsIamRoleExample.arn),
        },
        namePrefix: "example_prefix",
        schema: {
          recordColumns: [
            {
              name: "COLUMN_1",
              sqlType: "INTEGER",
            },
          ],
          recordFormat: {
            mappingParameters: {
              csv: {
                recordColumnDelimiter: ",",
                recordRowDelimiter: "|",
              },
            },
          },
        },
        startingPositionConfiguration: [
          {
            startingPosition: "NOW",
          },
        ],
      },
      name: "example-application",
      outputs: [
        {
          kinesisFirehose: {
            resourceArn: Token.asString(
              awsKinesisFirehoseDeliveryStreamExample.arn
            ),
            roleArn: Token.asString(awsIamRoleExample.arn),
          },
          name: "OUTPUT_1",
          schema: {
            recordFormatType: "CSV",
          },
        },
      ],
      startApplication: true,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the Kinesis Analytics Application.
* `code` - (Optional) SQL Code to transform input data, and generate output.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the application.
* `cloudwatchLoggingOptions` - (Optional) The CloudWatch log stream options to monitor application errors.
See [CloudWatch Logging Options](#cloudwatch-logging-options) below for more details.
* `inputs` - (Optional) Input configuration of the application. See [Inputs](#inputs) below for more details.
* `outputs` - (Optional) Output destination configuration of the application. See [Outputs](#outputs) below for more details.
* `referenceDataSources` - (Optional) An S3 Reference Data Source for the application.
See [Reference Data Sources](#reference-data-sources) below for more details.
* `startApplication` - (Optional) Whether to start or stop the Kinesis Analytics Application. To start an application, an input with a defined `starting_position` must be configured.
To modify an application's starting position, first stop the application by setting `start_application = false`, then update `starting_position` and set `start_application = true`.
* `tags` - Key-value map of tags for the Kinesis Analytics Application. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### CloudWatch Logging Options

Configure a CloudWatch Log Stream to monitor application errors.

The `cloudwatchLoggingOptions` block supports the following:

* `logStreamArn` - (Required) The ARN of the CloudWatch Log Stream.
* `roleArn` - (Required) The ARN of the IAM Role used to send application messages.

### Inputs

Configure an Input for the Kinesis Analytics Application. You can only have 1 Input configured.

The `inputs` block supports the following:

* `namePrefix` - (Required) The Name Prefix to use when creating an in-application stream.
* `schema` - (Required) The Schema format of the data in the streaming source. See [Source Schema](#source-schema) below for more details.
* `kinesisFirehose` - (Optional) The Kinesis Firehose configuration for the streaming source. Conflicts with `kinesis_stream`.
See [Kinesis Firehose](#kinesis-firehose) below for more details.
* `kinesisStream` - (Optional) The Kinesis Stream configuration for the streaming source. Conflicts with `kinesis_firehose`.
See [Kinesis Stream](#kinesis-stream) below for more details.
* `parallelism` - (Optional) The number of Parallel in-application streams to create.
See [Parallelism](#parallelism) below for more details.
* `processingConfiguration` - (Optional) The Processing Configuration to transform records as they are received from the stream.
See [Processing Configuration](#processing-configuration) below for more details.
* `startingPositionConfiguration` (Optional) The point at which the application starts processing records from the streaming source.
See [Starting Position Configuration](#starting-position-configuration) below for more details.

### Outputs

Configure Output destinations for the Kinesis Analytics Application. You can have a maximum of 3 destinations configured.

The `outputs` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The Name of the in-application stream.
* `schema` - (Required) The Schema format of the data written to the destination. See [Destination Schema](#destination-schema) below for more details.
* `kinesisFirehose` - (Optional) The Kinesis Firehose configuration for the destination stream. Conflicts with `kinesis_stream`.
See [Kinesis Firehose](#kinesis-firehose) below for more details.
* `kinesisStream` - (Optional) The Kinesis Stream configuration for the destination stream. Conflicts with `kinesis_firehose`.
See [Kinesis Stream](#kinesis-stream) below for more details.
* `lambda` - (Optional) The Lambda function destination. See [Lambda](#lambda) below for more details.

### Reference Data Sources

Add a Reference Data Source to the Kinesis Analytics Application. You can only have 1 Reference Data Source.

The `referenceDataSources` block supports the following:

* `schema` - (Required) The Schema format of the data in the streaming source. See [Source Schema](#source-schema) below for more details.
* `tableName` - (Required) The in-application Table Name.
* `s3` - (Optional) The S3 configuration for the reference data source. See [S3 Reference](#s3-reference) below for more details.

#### Kinesis Firehose

Configuration for a Kinesis Firehose delivery stream.

The `kinesisFirehose` block supports the following:

* `resourceArn` - (Required) The ARN of the Kinesis Firehose delivery stream.
* `roleArn` - (Required) The ARN of the IAM Role used to access the stream.

#### Kinesis Stream

Configuration for a Kinesis Stream.

The `kinesisStream` block supports the following:

* `resourceArn` - (Required) The ARN of the Kinesis Stream.
* `roleArn` - (Required) The ARN of the IAM Role used to access the stream.

#### Destination Schema

The Schema format of the data in the destination.

The `schema` block supports the following:

* `recordFormatType` - (Required) The Format Type of the records on the output stream. Can be `CSV` or `JSON`.

#### Source Schema

The Schema format of the data in the streaming source.

The `schema` block supports the following:

* `recordColumns` - (Required) The Record Column mapping for the streaming source data element.
See [Record Columns](#record-columns) below for more details.
* `recordFormat` - (Required) The Record Format and mapping information to schematize a record.
See [Record Format](#record-format) below for more details.
* `recordEncoding` - (Optional) The Encoding of the record in the streaming source.

#### Parallelism

Configures the number of Parallel in-application streams to create.

The `parallelism` block supports the following:

* `count` - (Required) The Count of streams.

#### Processing Configuration

The Processing Configuration to transform records as they are received from the stream.

The `processingConfiguration` block supports the following:

* `lambda` - (Required) The Lambda function configuration. See [Lambda](#lambda) below for more details.

#### Lambda

The Lambda function that pre-processes records in the stream.

The `lambda` block supports the following:

* `resourceArn` - (Required) The ARN of the Lambda function.
* `roleArn` - (Required) The ARN of the IAM Role used to access the Lambda function.

#### Starting Position Configuration

The point at which the application reads from the streaming source.

The `startingPositionConfiguration` block supports the following:

* `startingPosition` - (Required) The starting position on the stream. Valid values: `LAST_STOPPED_POINT`, `NOW`, `TRIM_HORIZON`.

#### Record Columns

The Column mapping of each data element in the streaming source to the corresponding column in the in-application stream.

The `recordColumns` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the column.
* `sqlType` - (Required) The SQL Type of the column.
* `mapping` - (Optional) The Mapping reference to the data element.

#### Record Format

The Record Format and relevant mapping information that should be applied to schematize the records on the stream.

The `recordFormat` block supports the following:

* `recordFormatType` - (Required) The type of Record Format. Can be `CSV` or `JSON`.
* `mappingParameters` - (Optional) The Mapping Information for the record format.
See [Mapping Parameters](#mapping-parameters) below for more details.

#### Mapping Parameters

Provides Mapping information specific to the record format on the streaming source.

The `mappingParameters` block supports the following:

* `csv` - (Optional) Mapping information when the record format uses delimiters.
See [CSV Mapping Parameters](#csv-mapping-parameters) below for more details.
* `json` - (Optional) Mapping information when JSON is the record format on the streaming source.
See [JSON Mapping Parameters](#json-mapping-parameters) below for more details.

#### CSV Mapping Parameters

Mapping information when the record format uses delimiters.

The `csv` block supports the following:

* `recordColumnDelimiter` - (Required) The Column Delimiter.
* `recordRowDelimiter` - (Required) The Row Delimiter.

#### JSON Mapping Parameters

Mapping information when JSON is the record format on the streaming source.

The `json` block supports the following:

* `recordRowPath` - (Required) Path to the top-level parent that contains the records.

#### S3 Reference

Identifies the S3 bucket and object that contains the reference data.

The `s3` blcok supports the following:

* `bucketArn` - (Required) The S3 Bucket ARN.
* `fileKey` - (Required) The File Key name containing reference data.
* `roleArn` - (Required) The IAM Role ARN to read the data.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The ARN of the Kinesis Analytics Application.
* `arn` - The ARN of the Kinesis Analytics Appliation.
* `createTimestamp` - The Timestamp when the application version was created.
* `lastUpdateTimestamp` - The Timestamp when the application was last updated.
* `status` - The Status of the application.
* `version` - The Version of the application.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kinesisanalytics/latest/dev/what-is.html

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Kinesis Analytics Application using ARN. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Kinesis Analytics Application using ARN. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_kinesis_analytics_application.example arn:aws:kinesisanalytics:us-west-2:1234567890:application/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-14782ea879b9f73b5ee5ad2ef9ec8d20965c88da8a7cb0cb2534adfe79bb7ca6 -->