---
subcategory: "Lambda"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lambda_layer_version_permission"
description: |-
  Provides a Lambda Layer Version Permission resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_lambda_layer_version_permission

Provides a Lambda Layer Version Permission resource. It allows you to share you own Lambda Layers to another account by account ID, to all accounts in AWS organization or even to all AWS accounts.

For information about Lambda Layer Permissions and how to use them, see [Using Resource-based Policies for AWS Lambda][1]

~> **NOTE:** Setting `skipDestroy` to `true` means that the AWS Provider will _not_ destroy any layer version permission, even when running `terraform destroy`. Layer version permissions are thus intentional dangling resources that are _not_ managed by Terraform and may incur extra expense in your AWS account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { LambdaLayerVersionPermission } from "./.gen/providers/aws/lambda-layer-version-permission";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new LambdaLayerVersionPermission(this, "lambda_layer_permission", {
      action: "lambda:GetLayerVersion",
      layerName: "arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456654321:layer:test_layer1",
      principal: "111111111111",
      statementId: "dev-account",
      versionNumber: 1,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `action` - (Required) Action, which will be allowed. `lambda:GetLayerVersion` value is suggested by AWS documantation.
* `layerName` (Required) The name or ARN of the Lambda Layer, which you want to grant access to.
* `organizationId` - (Optional) An identifier of AWS Organization, which should be able to use your Lambda Layer. `principal` should be equal to `*` if `organization_id` provided.
* `principal` - (Required) AWS account ID which should be able to use your Lambda Layer. `*` can be used here, if you want to share your Lambda Layer widely.
* `statementId` - (Required) The name of Lambda Layer Permission, for example `dev-account` - human readable note about what is this permission for.
* `versionNumber` (Required) Version of Lambda Layer, which you want to grant access to. Note: permissions only apply to a single version of a layer.
* `skipDestroy` - (Optional) Whether to retain the old version of a previously deployed Lambda Layer. Default is `false`. When this is not set to `true`, changing any of `compatible_architectures`, `compatible_runtimes`, `description`, `filename`, `layer_name`, `license_info`, `s3_bucket`, `s3_key`, `s3_object_version`, or `source_code_hash` forces deletion of the existing layer version and creation of a new layer version.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The `layer_name` and `version_number`, separated by a comma (`,`).
* `revisionId` - A unique identifier for the current revision of the policy.
* `policy` - Full Lambda Layer Permission policy.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Lambda Layer Permissions using `layerName` and `versionNumber`, separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Lambda Layer Permissions using `layerName` and `versionNumber`, separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_lambda_layer_version_permission.example arn:aws:lambda:us-west-2:123456654321:layer:test_layer1,1
```

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/access-control-resource-based.html#permissions-resource-xaccountlayer

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-fd22d59f7bda2ed8703c3b1fd6d5f0d467df5adf1b1fd76c0fa824d35f034051 -->