---
subcategory: "QuickSight"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_quicksight_account_subscription"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS QuickSight Account Subscription.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_quicksight_account_subscription

Terraform resource for managing an AWS QuickSight Account Subscription.

~> Due to the absence of the `adminGroup`, `authorGroup`, and `readerGroup` fields in the [`DescribeAccountSettings`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quicksight/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeAccountSettings.html) API response, changes made to these groups post-subscription will not be detected by this resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { QuicksightAccountSubscription } from "./.gen/providers/aws/quicksight-account-subscription";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new QuicksightAccountSubscription(this, "subscription", {
      accountName: "quicksight-terraform",
      authenticationMethod: "IAM_AND_QUICKSIGHT",
      edition: "ENTERPRISE",
      notificationEmail: "notification@email.com",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `accountName` - (Required) Name of your Amazon QuickSight account. This name is unique over all of AWS, and it appears only when users sign in.
* `authenticationMethod` - (Required) Method that you want to use to authenticate your Amazon QuickSight account. Currently, the valid values for this parameter are `IAM_AND_QUICKSIGHT`, `IAM_ONLY`, `IAM_IDENTITY_CENTER`, and `ACTIVE_DIRECTORY`.
* `edition` - (Required) Edition of Amazon QuickSight that you want your account to have. Currently, you can choose from `STANDARD`, `ENTERPRISE` or `ENTERPRISE_AND_Q`.
* `notificationEmail` - (Required) Email address that you want Amazon QuickSight to send notifications to regarding your Amazon QuickSight account or Amazon QuickSight subscription.

The following arguments are optional:

* `activeDirectoryName` - (Optional) Name of your Active Directory. This field is required if `ACTIVE_DIRECTORY` is the selected authentication method of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `adminGroup` - (Optional) Admin group associated with your Active Directory or IAM Identity Center account. This field is required if `ACTIVE_DIRECTORY` or `IAM_IDENTITY_CENTER` is the selected authentication method of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `authorGroup` - (Optional) Author group associated with your Active Directory or IAM Identity Center account.
* `awsAccountId` - (Optional, Forces new resource) AWS account ID. Defaults to automatically determined account ID of the Terraform AWS provider.
* `contactNumber` - (Optional) A 10-digit phone number for the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `directoryId` - (Optional) Active Directory ID that is associated with your Amazon QuickSight account.
* `emailAddress` - (Optional) Email address of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `firstName` - (Optional) First name of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `iamIdentityCenterInstanceArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the IAM Identity Center instance.
* `lastName` - (Optional) Last name of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `readerGroup` - (Optional) Reader group associated with your Active Directory or IAM Identity Center account.
* `realm` - (Optional) Realm of the Active Directory that is associated with your Amazon QuickSight account.
* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `accountSubscriptionStatus` - Status of the Amazon QuickSight account's subscription.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10m`)
* `delete` - (Default `10m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import a QuickSight Account Subscription using `awsAccountId`. For example:

~> Due to the absence of required arguments in the [`DescribeAccountSettings`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quicksight/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeAccountSettings.html) API response, importing an existing account subscription will result in a planned replacement on the subsequent `apply` operation. Until the Describe API response in extended to include all configurable arguments, an [`ignore_changes` lifecycle argument](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle#ignore_changes) can be used to suppress differences on arguments not read into state.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { QuicksightAccountSubscription } from "./.gen/providers/aws/quicksight-account-subscription";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    QuicksightAccountSubscription.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "example",
      "012345678901"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import a QuickSight Account Subscription using `awsAccountId`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_quicksight_account_subscription.example "012345678901"
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-d8cfc4cdd967a6c77b0cdf77c0beaa2eb736847376bf050e55d332f15a0f9eb5 -->