---
subcategory: "QuickSight"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_quicksight_custom_permissions"
description: |-
  Manages a QuickSight custom permissions profile.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_quicksight_custom_permissions

Manages a QuickSight custom permissions profile.

## Example Usage

resource "aws_quicksight_custom_permissions" "example" {
  custom_permissions_name = "example-permissions"

  capabilities {
    print_reports    = "DENY"
    share_dashboards = "DENY"
  }
}

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `capabilities` - (Required) Actions to include in the custom permissions profile. See [capabilities](#capabilities).
* `customPermissionsName` - (Required, Forces new resource) Custom permissions profile name.

The following arguments are optional:

* `awsAccountId` - (Optional, Forces new resource) AWS account ID. Defaults to automatically determined account ID of the Terraform AWS provider.
* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### capabilities

* `addOrRunAnomalyDetectionForAnalyses` - (Optional) The ability to add or run anomaly detection. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `createAndUpdateDashboardEmailReports` - (Optional) The ability to create and update email reports. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `createAndUpdateDatasets` - (Optional) The ability to create and update datasets. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `createAndUpdateDataSources` - (Optional) The ability to create and update data sources. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `createAndUpdateThemes` - (Optional) The ability to export to create and update themes. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `createAndUpdateThresholdAlerts` - (Optional) The ability to create and update threshold alerts. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `createSharedFolders` - (Optional) The ability to create shared folders. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `createSpiceDataset` - (Optional) The ability to create a SPICE dataset. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `exportToCsv` - (Optional) The ability to export to CSV files from the UI. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `exportToCsvInScheduledReports` - (Optional) The ability to export to CSV files in scheduled email reports. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `exportToExcel` - (Optional) The ability to export to Excel files from the UI. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `exportToExcelInScheduledReports` - (Optional) The ability to export to Excel files in scheduled email reports. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `exportToPdf` - (Optional) The ability to export to PDF files from the UI. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `exportToPdfInScheduledReports` - (Optional) The ability to export to PDF files in scheduled email reports. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `includeContentInScheduledReportsEmail` - (Optional) The ability to include content in scheduled email reports. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `printReports` - (Optional) The ability to print reports. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `renameSharedFolders` - (Optional) The ability to rename shared folders. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `shareAnalyses` - (Optional) The ability to share analyses. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `shareDashboards` - (Optional) The ability to share dashboards. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `shareDatasets` - (Optional) The ability to share datasets. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `shareDataSources` - (Optional) The ability to share data sources. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `subscribeDashboardEmailReports` - (Optional) The ability to subscribe to email reports. Valid values: `DENY`.
* `viewAccountSpiceCapacity` - (Optional) The ability to view account SPICE capacity. Valid values: `DENY`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the custom permissions profile.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import a QuickSight custom permissions profile using the AWS account ID and custom permissions profile name separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { QuicksightCustomPermissions } from "./.gen/providers/aws/quicksight-custom-permissions";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    QuicksightCustomPermissions.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "example",
      "123456789012,example-permissions"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import a QuickSight custom permissions profile using the AWS account ID and custom permissions profile name separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_quicksight_custom_permissions.example 123456789012,example-permissions
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-a960544a0b81b1fe564dff0ffd3eb5d7d1136e3f38f5238127a4e9a6c7d386df -->