---
subcategory: "S3 Control"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3_access_point"
description: |-
  Manages an S3 Access Point.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_s3_access_point

Provides a resource to manage an S3 Access Point.

~> **NOTE on Access Points and Access Point Policies:** Terraform provides both a standalone [Access Point Policy](s3control_access_point_policy.html) resource and an Access Point resource with a resource policy defined in-line. You cannot use an Access Point with in-line resource policy in conjunction with an Access Point Policy resource. Doing so will cause a conflict of policies and will overwrite the access point's resource policy.

-> Advanced usage: To use a custom API endpoint for this Terraform resource, use the [`s3Control` endpoint provider configuration](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#s3control), not the `s3` endpoint provider configuration.

## Example Usage

### AWS Partition Bucket

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { S3AccessPoint } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-access-point";
import { S3Bucket } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-bucket";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const example = new S3Bucket(this, "example", {
      bucket: "example",
    });
    const awsS3AccessPointExample = new S3AccessPoint(this, "example_1", {
      bucket: example.id,
      name: "example",
    });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    awsS3AccessPointExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

### S3 on Outposts Bucket

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { S3AccessPoint } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-access-point";
import { S3ControlBucket } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-control-bucket";
import { Vpc } from "./.gen/providers/aws/vpc";
interface MyConfig {
  outpostId: any;
}
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string, config: MyConfig) {
    super(scope, name);
    const example = new S3ControlBucket(this, "example", {
      bucket: "example",
      outpostId: config.outpostId,
    });
    const awsVpcExample = new Vpc(this, "example_1", {
      cidrBlock: "10.0.0.0/16",
    });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    awsVpcExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    const awsS3AccessPointExample = new S3AccessPoint(this, "example_2", {
      bucket: example.arn,
      name: "example",
      vpcConfiguration: {
        vpcId: Token.asString(awsVpcExample.id),
      },
    });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    awsS3AccessPointExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `bucket` - (Required) Name of an AWS Partition S3 Bucket or the ARN of S3 on Outposts Bucket that you want to associate this access point with.
* `name` - (Required) Name you want to assign to this access point.

The following arguments are optional:

* `accountId` - (Optional) AWS account ID for the owner of the bucket for which you want to create an access point. Defaults to automatically determined account ID of the Terraform AWS provider.
* `bucketAccountId` - (Optional) AWS account ID associated with the S3 bucket associated with this access point.
* `policy` - (Optional) Valid JSON document that specifies the policy that you want to apply to this access point. Removing `policy` from your configuration or setting `policy` to null or an empty string (i.e., `policy = ""`) _will not_ delete the policy since it could have been set by `aws_s3control_access_point_policy`. To remove the `policy`, set it to `"{}"` (an empty JSON document).
* `publicAccessBlockConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block to manage the `PublicAccessBlock` configuration that you want to apply to this Amazon S3 bucket. You can enable the configuration options in any combination. Detailed below.
* `vpcConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block to restrict access to this access point to requests from the specified Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). Required for S3 on Outposts. Detailed below.

### public_access_block_configuration Configuration Block

The following arguments are optional:

* `blockPublicAcls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public ACLs for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect existing policies or ACLs. When set to `true` causes the following behavior:
    * PUT Bucket acl and PUT Object acl calls fail if the specified ACL is public.
    * PUT Object calls fail if the request includes a public ACL.
    * PUT Bucket calls fail if the request includes a public ACL.
* `blockPublicPolicy` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public bucket policies for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect existing bucket policies. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Reject calls to PUT Bucket policy if the specified bucket policy allows public access.
* `ignorePublicAcls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should ignore public ACLs for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect the persistence of any existing ACLs and doesn't prevent new public ACLs from being set. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Ignore all public ACLs on buckets in this account and any objects that they contain.
* `restrictPublicBuckets` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should restrict public bucket policies for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect previously stored bucket policies, except that public and cross-account access within any public bucket policy, including non-public delegation to specific accounts, is blocked. When set to `true`:
    * Only the bucket owner and AWS Services can access buckets with public policies.

### vpc_configuration Configuration Block

The following arguments are required:

* `vpcId` - (Required)  This access point will only allow connections from the specified VPC ID.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `alias` - Alias of the S3 Access Point.
* `arn` - ARN of the S3 Access Point.
* `domainName` - DNS domain name of the S3 Access Point in the format _`name`_-_`account_id`_.s3-accesspoint._region_.amazonaws.com.
Note: S3 access points only support secure access by HTTPS. HTTP isn't supported.
* `endpoints` - VPC endpoints for the S3 Access Point.
* `hasPublicAccessPolicy` - Indicates whether this access point currently has a policy that allows public access.
* `id` - For Access Point of an AWS Partition S3 Bucket, the AWS account ID and access point name separated by a colon (`:`). For S3 on Outposts Bucket, the ARN of the Access Point.
* `networkOrigin` - Indicates whether this access point allows access from the public Internet. Values are `VPC` (the access point doesn't allow access from the public Internet) and `Internet` (the access point allows access from the public Internet, subject to the access point and bucket access policies).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import this resource using the `accountId` and `name` separated by a colon (`:`) for Access Points associated with an AWS Partition S3 Bucket or the ARN for Access Points associated with an S3 on Outposts Bucket. For example:

Import using the `accountId` and `name` separated by a colon (`:`) for Access Points associated with an AWS Partition S3 Bucket:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Import using the ARN for Access Points associated with an S3 on Outposts Bucket:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

**Using `terraform import` to import.** For example:

Import using the `accountId` and `name` separated by a colon (`:`) for Access Points associated with an AWS Partition S3 Bucket:

```console
% terraform import aws_s3_access_point.example 123456789012:example
```

Import using the ARN for Access Points associated with an S3 on Outposts Bucket:

```console
% terraform import aws_s3_access_point.example arn:aws:s3-outposts:us-east-1:123456789012:outpost/op-1234567890123456/accesspoint/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-62226ef5a5030fd4e742702fe5b17f262b9a0edbc8724a758784c5289d1270af -->