---
subcategory: "S3 (Simple Storage)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3_bucket_website_configuration"
description: |-
  Provides an S3 bucket website configuration resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_s3_bucket_website_configuration

Provides an S3 bucket website configuration resource. For more information, see [Hosting Websites on S3](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/WebsiteHosting.html).

## Example Usage

### With `routingRule` configured

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { S3BucketWebsiteConfiguration } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-bucket-website-configuration";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new S3BucketWebsiteConfiguration(this, "example", {
      bucket: Token.asString(awsS3BucketExample.id),
      errorDocument: {
        key: "error.html",
      },
      indexDocument: {
        suffix: "index.html",
      },
      routingRule: [
        {
          condition: {
            keyPrefixEquals: "docs/",
          },
          redirect: {
            replaceKeyPrefixWith: "documents/",
          },
        },
      ],
    });
  }
}

```

### With `routingRules` configured

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { S3BucketWebsiteConfiguration } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-bucket-website-configuration";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new S3BucketWebsiteConfiguration(this, "example", {
      bucket: Token.asString(awsS3BucketExample.id),
      errorDocument: {
        key: "error.html",
      },
      indexDocument: {
        suffix: "index.html",
      },
      routingRules:
        '[{\n    "Condition": {\n        "KeyPrefixEquals": "docs/"\n    },\n    "Redirect": {\n        "ReplaceKeyPrefixWith": ""\n    }\n}]\n\n',
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `bucket` - (Required, Forces new resource) Name of the bucket.
* `errorDocument` - (Optional, Conflicts with `redirect_all_requests_to`) Name of the error document for the website. [See below](#error_document).
* `expectedBucketOwner` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Account ID of the expected bucket owner.
* `indexDocument` - (Optional, Required if `redirect_all_requests_to` is not specified) Name of the index document for the website. [See below](#index_document).
* `redirectAllRequestsTo` - (Optional, Required if `index_document` is not specified) Redirect behavior for every request to this bucket's website endpoint. [See below](#redirect_all_requests_to). Conflicts with `error_document`, `index_document`, and `routing_rule`.
* `routingRule` - (Optional, Conflicts with `redirect_all_requests_to` and `routing_rules`) List of rules that define when a redirect is applied and the redirect behavior. [See below](#routing_rule).
* `routingRules` - (Optional, Conflicts with `routing_rule` and `redirect_all_requests_to`) JSON array containing [routing rules](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-s3-websiteconfiguration-routingrules.html)
  describing redirect behavior and when redirects are applied. Use this parameter when your routing rules contain empty String values (`""`) as seen in the [example above](#with-routing_rules-configured).

### error_document

The `errorDocument` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `key` - (Required) Object key name to use when a 4XX class error occurs.

### index_document

The `indexDocument` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `suffix` - (Required) Suffix that is appended to a request that is for a directory on the website endpoint.
For example, if the suffix is `index.html` and you make a request to `samplebucket/images/`, the data that is returned will be for the object with the key name `images/index.html`.
The suffix must not be empty and must not include a slash character.

### redirect_all_requests_to

The `redirectAllRequestsTo` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `hostName` - (Required) Name of the host where requests are redirected.
* `protocol` - (Optional) Protocol to use when redirecting requests. The default is the protocol that is used in the original request. Valid values: `http`, `https`.

### routing_rule

The `routingRule` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `condition` - (Optional) Configuration block for describing a condition that must be met for the specified redirect to apply. [See below](#condition).
* `redirect` - (Required) Configuration block for redirect information. [See below](#redirect).

### condition

The `condition` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `httpErrorCodeReturnedEquals` - (Optional, Required if `key_prefix_equals` is not specified) HTTP error code when the redirect is applied. If specified with `key_prefix_equals`, then both must be true for the redirect to be applied.
* `keyPrefixEquals` - (Optional, Required if `http_error_code_returned_equals` is not specified) Object key name prefix when the redirect is applied. If specified with `http_error_code_returned_equals`, then both must be true for the redirect to be applied.

### redirect

The `redirect` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `hostName` - (Optional) Host name to use in the redirect request.
* `httpRedirectCode` - (Optional) HTTP redirect code to use on the response.
* `protocol` - (Optional) Protocol to use when redirecting requests. The default is the protocol that is used in the original request. Valid values: `http`, `https`.
* `replaceKeyPrefixWith` - (Optional, Conflicts with `replace_key_with`) Object key prefix to use in the redirect request. For example, to redirect requests for all pages with prefix `docs/` (objects in the `docs/` folder) to `documents/`, you can set a `condition` block with `key_prefix_equals` set to `docs/` and in the `redirect` set `replace_key_prefix_with` to `/documents`.
* `replaceKeyWith` - (Optional, Conflicts with `replace_key_prefix_with`) Specific object key to use in the redirect request. For example, redirect request to `error.html`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The `bucket` or `bucket` and `expected_bucket_owner` separated by a comma (`,`) if the latter is provided.
* `websiteDomain` - Domain of the website endpoint. This is used to create Route 53 alias records.
* `websiteEndpoint` - Website endpoint.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import S3 bucket website configuration using the `bucket` or using the `bucket` and `expectedBucketOwner` separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

If the owner (account ID) of the source bucket is the same account used to configure the Terraform AWS Provider, import using the `bucket`:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

If the owner (account ID) of the source bucket differs from the account used to configure the Terraform AWS Provider, import using the `bucket` and `expectedBucketOwner` separated by a comma (`,`):

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

**Using `terraform import` to import** S3 bucket website configuration using the `bucket` or using the `bucket` and `expectedBucketOwner` separated by a comma (`,`). For example:

If the owner (account ID) of the source bucket is the same account used to configure the Terraform AWS Provider, import using the `bucket`:

```console
% terraform import aws_s3_bucket_website_configuration.example bucket-name
```

If the owner (account ID) of the source bucket differs from the account used to configure the Terraform AWS Provider, import using the `bucket` and `expectedBucketOwner` separated by a comma (`,`):

```console
% terraform import aws_s3_bucket_website_configuration.example bucket-name,123456789012
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-41a0e7bf7a7343429d1d7cf6e55d272d2709263fda9bdf55fa57e0879a7d920a -->