---
subcategory: "S3 Control"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3control_multi_region_access_point"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to manage an S3 Multi-Region Access Point associated with specified buckets.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_s3control_multi_region_access_point

Provides a resource to manage an S3 Multi-Region Access Point associated with specified buckets.

## Example Usage

### Multiple AWS Buckets in Different Regions

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { AwsProvider } from "./.gen/providers/aws/provider";
import { S3Bucket } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-bucket";
import { S3ControlMultiRegionAccessPoint } from "./.gen/providers/aws/s3-control-multi-region-access-point";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const primaryRegion = new AwsProvider(this, "aws", {
      alias: "primary_region",
      region: "us-east-1",
    });
    const secondaryRegion = new AwsProvider(this, "aws_1", {
      alias: "secondary_region",
      region: "us-west-2",
    });
    const barBucket = new S3Bucket(this, "bar_bucket", {
      bucket: "example-bucket-bar",
      provider: secondaryRegion,
    });
    const fooBucket = new S3Bucket(this, "foo_bucket", {
      bucket: "example-bucket-foo",
      provider: primaryRegion,
    });
    new S3ControlMultiRegionAccessPoint(this, "example", {
      details: {
        name: "example",
        region: [
          {
            bucket: fooBucket.id,
          },
          {
            bucket: barBucket.id,
          },
        ],
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `accountId` - (Optional) The AWS account ID for the owner of the buckets for which you want to create a Multi-Region Access Point. Defaults to automatically determined account ID of the Terraform AWS provider.
* `details` - (Required) A configuration block containing details about the Multi-Region Access Point. See [Details Configuration Block](#details-configuration) below for more details

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `60m`)
* `delete` - (Default `15m`)

### Details Configuration

The `details` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Multi-Region Access Point.
* `publicAccessBlock` - (Optional) Configuration block to manage the `PublicAccessBlock` configuration that you want to apply to this Multi-Region Access Point. You can enable the configuration options in any combination. See [Public Access Block Configuration](#public-access-block-configuration) below for more details.
* `region` - (Required) The Region configuration block to specify the bucket associated with the Multi-Region Access Point. See [Region Configuration](#region-configuration) below for more details.

For more information, see the documentation on [Multi-Region Access Points](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/MultiRegionAccessPoints.html).

### Public Access Block Configuration

The `publicAccessBlock` block supports the following:

* `blockPublicAcls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public ACLs for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect existing policies or ACLs. When set to `true` causes the following behavior:
    * PUT Bucket acl and PUT Object acl calls fail if the specified ACL is public.
    * PUT Object calls fail if the request includes a public ACL.
    * PUT Bucket calls fail if the request includes a public ACL.
* `blockPublicPolicy` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public bucket policies for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect existing bucket policies. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Reject calls to PUT Bucket policy if the specified bucket policy allows public access.
* `ignorePublicAcls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should ignore public ACLs for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect the persistence of any existing ACLs and doesn't prevent new public ACLs from being set. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Ignore all public ACLs on buckets in this account and any objects that they contain.
* `restrictPublicBuckets` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should restrict public bucket policies for buckets in this account. Defaults to `true`. Enabling this setting does not affect previously stored bucket policies, except that public and cross-account access within any public bucket policy, including non-public delegation to specific accounts, is blocked. When set to `true`:
    * Only the bucket owner and AWS Services can access buckets with public policies.

### Region Configuration

The `region` block supports the following:

* `bucket` - (Required) The name of the associated bucket for the Region.
* `bucketAccountId` - (Optional) The AWS account ID that owns the Amazon S3 bucket that's associated with this Multi-Region Access Point.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `alias` - The alias for the Multi-Region Access Point.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point.
* `domainName` - The DNS domain name of the S3 Multi-Region Access Point in the format _`alias`_.accesspoint.s3-global.amazonaws.com. For more information, see the documentation on [Multi-Region Access Point Requests](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/MultiRegionAccessPointRequests.html).
* `id` - The AWS account ID and access point name separated by a colon (`:`).
* `status` - The current status of the Multi-Region Access Point. One of: `READY`, `INCONSISTENT_ACROSS_REGIONS`, `CREATING`, `PARTIALLY_CREATED`, `PARTIALLY_DELETED`, `DELETING`.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Multi-Region Access Points using the `accountId` and `name` of the Multi-Region Access Point separated by a colon (`:`). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Multi-Region Access Points using the `accountId` and `name` of the Multi-Region Access Point separated by a colon (`:`). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_s3control_multi_region_access_point.example 123456789012:example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-561f76eaf08b8898b3aa821b8c028e27dcb6512218497d376c771b48c1350f6b -->