---
subcategory: "SageMaker"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_model"
description: |-
  Provides a SageMaker model resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_sagemaker_model

Provides a SageMaker model resource.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsIamPolicyDocument } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-iam-policy-document";
import { DataAwsSagemakerPrebuiltEcrImage } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-sagemaker-prebuilt-ecr-image";
import { IamRole } from "./.gen/providers/aws/iam-role";
import { SagemakerModel } from "./.gen/providers/aws/sagemaker-model";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const assumeRole = new DataAwsIamPolicyDocument(this, "assume_role", {
      statement: [
        {
          actions: ["sts:AssumeRole"],
          principals: [
            {
              identifiers: ["sagemaker.amazonaws.com"],
              type: "Service",
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
    });
    const test = new DataAwsSagemakerPrebuiltEcrImage(this, "test", {
      repositoryName: "kmeans",
    });
    const example = new IamRole(this, "example", {
      assumeRolePolicy: Token.asString(assumeRole.json),
    });
    const awsSagemakerModelExample = new SagemakerModel(this, "example_3", {
      executionRoleArn: example.arn,
      name: "my-model",
      primaryContainer: {
        image: Token.asString(test.registryPath),
      },
    });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    awsSagemakerModelExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the model (must be unique). If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.
* `primaryContainer` - (Optional) The primary docker image containing inference code that is used when the model is deployed for predictions.  If not specified, the `container` argument is required. Fields are documented below.
* `executionRoleArn` - (Required) A role that SageMaker can assume to access model artifacts and docker images for deployment.
* `inferenceExecutionConfig` - (Optional) Specifies details of how containers in a multi-container endpoint are called. see [Inference Execution Config](#inference-execution-config).
* `container` (Optional) -  Specifies containers in the inference pipeline. If not specified, the `primary_container` argument is required. Fields are documented below.
* `enableNetworkIsolation` (Optional) - Isolates the model container. No inbound or outbound network calls can be made to or from the model container.
* `vpcConfig` (Optional) - Specifies the VPC that you want your model to connect to. VpcConfig is used in hosting services and in batch transform.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

The `primaryContainer` and `container` block both support:

* `image` - (Optional) The registry path where the inference code image is stored in Amazon ECR.
* `mode` - (Optional) The container hosts value `SingleModel/MultiModel`. The default value is `SingleModel`.
* `modelDataUrl` - (Optional) The URL for the S3 location where model artifacts are stored.
* `modelPackageName` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the model package to use to create the model.
* `containerHostname` - (Optional) The DNS host name for the container.
* `environment` - (Optional) Environment variables for the Docker container.
   A list of key value pairs.
* `imageConfig` - (Optional) Specifies whether the model container is in Amazon ECR or a private Docker registry accessible from your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). For more information see [Using a Private Docker Registry for Real-Time Inference Containers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/your-algorithms-containers-inference-private.html). see [Image Config](#image-config).

### Image Config

* `repositoryAccessMode` - (Required) Specifies whether the model container is in Amazon ECR or a private Docker registry accessible from your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). Allowed values are: `Platform` and `Vpc`.
* `repositoryAuthConfig` - (Optional) Specifies an authentication configuration for the private docker registry where your model image is hosted. Specify a value for this property only if you specified Vpc as the value for the RepositoryAccessMode field, and the private Docker registry where the model image is hosted requires authentication. see [Repository Auth Config](#repository-auth-config).

#### Repository Auth Config

* `repositoryCredentialsProviderArn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an AWS Lambda function that provides credentials to authenticate to the private Docker registry where your model image is hosted. For information about how to create an AWS Lambda function, see [Create a Lambda function with the console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/getting-started-create-function.html) in the _AWS Lambda Developer Guide_.

## Inference Execution Config

* `mode` - (Required) How containers in a multi-container are run. The following values are valid `Serial` and `Direct`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `name` - The name of the model.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) assigned by AWS to this model.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import models using the `name`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import models using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_sagemaker_model.test_model model-foo
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-53d6c468eddd1f29a98ecc8fc36ce24bea38081a6d6c05a93d9d1f563dbc5e78 -->