---
subcategory: "SageMaker"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_endpoint"
description: |-
  Provides a SageMaker Endpoint resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_sagemaker_endpoint

Provides a SageMaker Endpoint resource.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SagemakerEndpoint } from "./.gen/providers/aws/sagemaker-endpoint";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new SagemakerEndpoint(this, "e", {
      endpointConfigName: ec.name,
      name: "my-endpoint",
      tags: {
        Name: "foo",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `endpointConfigName` - (Required) The name of the endpoint configuration to use.
* `deploymentConfig` - (Optional) The deployment configuration for an endpoint, which contains the desired deployment strategy and rollback configurations. See [Deployment Config](#deployment-config).
* `name` - (Optional) The name of the endpoint. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Deployment Config

* `blueGreenUpdatePolicy` - (Optional) Update policy for a blue/green deployment. If this update policy is specified, SageMaker creates a new fleet during the deployment while maintaining the old fleet. SageMaker flips traffic to the new fleet according to the specified traffic routing configuration. Only one update policy should be used in the deployment configuration. If no update policy is specified, SageMaker uses a blue/green deployment strategy with all at once traffic shifting by default. See [Blue Green Update Config](#blue-green-update-config).
* `autoRollbackConfiguration` - (Optional) Automatic rollback configuration for handling endpoint deployment failures and recovery. See [Auto Rollback Configuration](#auto-rollback-configuration).
* `rollingUpdatePolicy` - (Optional) Specifies a rolling deployment strategy for updating a SageMaker endpoint. See [Rolling Update Policy](#rolling-update-policy).

#### Blue Green Update Config

* `trafficRoutingConfiguration` - (Required) Defines the traffic routing strategy to shift traffic from the old fleet to the new fleet during an endpoint deployment. See [Traffic Routing Configuration](#traffic-routing-configuration).
* `maximumExecutionTimeoutInSeconds` - (Optional) Maximum execution timeout for the deployment. Note that the timeout value should be larger than the total waiting time specified in `termination_wait_in_seconds` and `wait_interval_in_seconds`. Valid values are between `600` and `14400`.
* `terminationWaitInSeconds` - (Optional) Additional waiting time in seconds after the completion of an endpoint deployment before terminating the old endpoint fleet. Default is `0`. Valid values are between `0` and `3600`.

#### Rolling Update Policy

* `maximumBatchSize` - (Required) Batch size for each rolling step to provision capacity and turn on traffic on the new endpoint fleet, and terminate capacity on the old endpoint fleet. Value must be between 5% to 50% of the variant's total instance count. See [Maximum Batch Size](#maximum-batch-size).
* `maximumExecutionTimeoutInSeconds` - (Optional) The time limit for the total deployment. Exceeding this limit causes a timeout. Valid values are between `600` and `14400`.
* `rollbackMaximumBatchSize` - (Optional) Batch size for rollback to the old endpoint fleet. Each rolling step to provision capacity and turn on traffic on the old endpoint fleet, and terminate capacity on the new endpoint fleet. If this field is absent, the default value will be set to 100% of total capacity which means to bring up the whole capacity of the old fleet at once during rollback. See [Rollback Maximum Batch Size](#rollback-maximum-batch-size).
* `waitIntervalInSeconds` - (Required) The length of the baking period, during which SageMaker monitors alarms for each batch on the new fleet. Valid values are between `0` and `3600`.

##### Traffic Routing Configuration

* `type` - (Required) Traffic routing strategy type. Valid values are: `ALL_AT_ONCE`, `CANARY`, and `LINEAR`.
* `waitIntervalInSeconds` - (Required) The waiting time (in seconds) between incremental steps to turn on traffic on the new endpoint fleet. Valid values are between `0` and `3600`.
* `canarySize` - (Optional) Batch size for the first step to turn on traffic on the new endpoint fleet. Value must be less than or equal to 50% of the variant's total instance count. See [Canary Size](#canary-size).
* `linearStepSize` - (Optional) Batch size for each step to turn on traffic on the new endpoint fleet. Value must be 10-50% of the variant's total instance count. See [Linear Step Size](#linear-step-size).

###### Maximum Batch Size

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the endpoint capacity type. Valid values are: `INSTANCE_COUNT`, or `CAPACITY_PERCENT`.
* `value` - (Required) Defines the capacity size, either as a number of instances or a capacity percentage.

###### Rollback Maximum Batch Size

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the endpoint capacity type. Valid values are: `INSTANCE_COUNT`, or `CAPACITY_PERCENT`.
* `value` - (Required) Defines the capacity size, either as a number of instances or a capacity percentage.

###### Canary Size

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the endpoint capacity type. Valid values are: `INSTANCE_COUNT`, or `CAPACITY_PERCENT`.
* `value` - (Required) Defines the capacity size, either as a number of instances or a capacity percentage.

###### Linear Step Size

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the endpoint capacity type. Valid values are: `INSTANCE_COUNT`, or `CAPACITY_PERCENT`.
* `value` - (Required) Defines the capacity size, either as a number of instances or a capacity percentage.

#### Auto Rollback Configuration

* `alarms` - (Required) List of CloudWatch alarms in your account that are configured to monitor metrics on an endpoint. If any alarms are tripped during a deployment, SageMaker rolls back the deployment. See [Alarms](#alarms).

##### Alarms

* `alarmName` - (Required) The name of a CloudWatch alarm in your account.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) assigned by AWS to this endpoint.
* `name` - The name of the endpoint.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import endpoints using the `name`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import endpoints using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_sagemaker_endpoint.test_endpoint my-endpoint
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-6f77eb68ca400c61f27b4fe0845a1a77a41772c28e3c6f22dc1c8cd4be29cc30 -->