---
subcategory: "SageMaker AI"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_space"
description: |-
  Provides a SageMaker AI Space resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_sagemaker_space

Provides a SageMaker AI Space resource.

## Example Usage

### Basic usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SagemakerSpace } from "./.gen/providers/aws/sagemaker-space";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new SagemakerSpace(this, "example", {
      domainId: test.id,
      spaceName: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `domainId` - (Required) The ID of the associated Domain.
* `ownershipSettings` - (Optional) A collection of ownership settings. Required if `spaceSharingSettings` is set. See [`ownershipSettings` Block](#ownership_settings-block) below.
* `spaceDisplayName` - (Optional) The name of the space that appears in the SageMaker AI Studio UI.
* `spaceName` - (Required) The name of the space.
* `spaceSettings` - (Required) A collection of space settings. See [`spaceSettings` Block](#space_settings-block) below.
* `spaceSharingSettings` - (Optional) A collection of space sharing settings. Required if `ownershipSettings` is set. See [`spaceSharingSettings` Block](#space_sharing_settings-block) below.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `ownershipSettings` Block

The `ownershipSettings` block supports the following arguments:

* `ownerUserProfileName` - (Required) The user profile who is the owner of the private space.

### `spaceSettings` Block

The `spaceSettings` block supports the following arguments:

* `appType` - (Optional) The type of app created within the space.
* `codeEditorAppSettings` - (Optional) The Code Editor application settings. See [`codeEditorAppSettings` Block](#code_editor_app_settings-block) below.
* `customFileSystem` - (Optional) A file system, created by you, that you assign to a space for an Amazon SageMaker AI Domain. See [`customFileSystem` Block](#custom_file_system-block) below.
* `jupyterLabAppSettings` - (Optional) The settings for the JupyterLab application. See [`jupyterLabAppSettings` Block](#jupyter_lab_app_settings-block) below.
* `jupyterServerAppSettings` - (Optional) The Jupyter server's app settings. See [`jupyterServerAppSettings` Block](#jupyter_server_app_settings-block) below.
* `kernelGatewayAppSettings` - (Optional) The kernel gateway app settings. See [`kernelGatewayAppSettings` Block](#kernel_gateway_app_settings-block) below.
* `spaceStorageSettings` - (Optional) The storage settings. See [`spaceStorageSettings` Block](#space_storage_settings-block) below.

### `spaceSharingSettings` Block

The `spaceSharingSettings` block supports the following argument:

* `sharingType` - (Required) Specifies the sharing type of the space. Valid values are `Private` and `Shared`.

### `codeEditorAppSettings` Block

The `codeEditorAppSettings` block supports the following argument:

* `appLifecycleManagement` - (Optional) Settings that are used to configure and manage the lifecycle of JupyterLab applications in a space. See [`appLifecycleManagement` Block](#app_lifecycle_management-block) below.
* `defaultResourceSpec` - (Required) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker AI image created on the instance. See [`defaultResourceSpec` Block](#default_resource_spec-block) below.

### `customFileSystem` Block

The `customFileSystem` block supports the following argument:

* `efsFileSystem` - (Required) A custom file system in Amazon EFS. See [`efsFileSystem` Block](#efs_file_system-block) below.

### `jupyterLabAppSettings` Block

The `jupyterLabAppSettings` block supports the following arguments:

* `appLifecycleManagement` - (Optional) Settings that are used to configure and manage the lifecycle of JupyterLab applications in a space. See [`appLifecycleManagement` Block](#app_lifecycle_management-block) below.
* `codeRepository` - (Optional) A list of Git repositories that SageMaker AI automatically displays to users for cloning in the JupyterLab application. See [`codeRepository` Block](#code_repository-block) below.
* `defaultResourceSpec` - (Required) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker AI image created on the instance. See [`defaultResourceSpec` Block](#default_resource_spec-block) below.

### `jupyterServerAppSettings` Block

The `jupyterServerAppSettings` block supports the following arguments:

* `codeRepository` - (Optional) A list of Git repositories that SageMaker AI automatically displays to users for cloning in the JupyterServer application. See [`codeRepository` Block](#code_repository-block) below.
* `defaultResourceSpec` - (Optional) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker AI image created on the instance. See [`defaultResourceSpec` Block](#default_resource_spec-block) below.
* `lifecycleConfigArns` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configurations.

### `kernelGatewayAppSettings` Block

The `kernelGatewayAppSettings` block supports the following arguments:

* `defaultResourceSpec` - (Required) The default instance type and the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker AI image created on the instance. See [`defaultResourceSpec` Block](#default_resource_spec-block) below.
* `customImage` - (Optional) A list of custom SageMaker AI images that are configured to run as a KernelGateway app. See [`customImage` Block](#custom_image-block) below.
* `lifecycleConfigArns` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configurations.

### `spaceStorageSettings` Block

The `spaceStorageSettings` block supports the following argument:

* `ebsStorageSettings` - (Required) A collection of EBS storage settings for a space. See [`ebsStorageSettings` Block](#ebs_storage_settings-block) below.

### `codeRepository` Block

The `codeRepository` block supports the following argument:

* `repositoryUrl` - (Required) The URL of the Git repository.

### `defaultResourceSpec` Block

The `defaultResourceSpec` block supports the following arguments:

* `instanceType` - (Optional) The instance type.
* `lifecycleConfigArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lifecycle Configuration attached to the Resource.
* `sagemakerImageArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SageMaker AI image created on the instance.
* `sagemakerImageVersionAlias` - (Optional) The SageMaker AI Image Version Alias.
* `sagemakerImageVersionArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the image version created on the instance.

### `efsFileSystem` Block

The `efsFileSystem` block supports the following argument:

* `fileSystemId` - (Required) The ID of your Amazon EFS file system.

### `customImage` Block

The `customImage` block supports the following arguments:

* `appImageConfigName` - (Required) The name of the App Image Config.
* `imageName` - (Required) The name of the Custom Image.
* `imageVersionNumber` - (Optional) The version number of the Custom Image.

### `ebsStorageSettings` Block

The `ebsStorageSettings` block supports the following argument:

* `ebsVolumeSizeInGb` - (Required) The size of an EBS storage volume for a space.

### `appLifecycleManagement` Block

The `appLifecycleManagement` block supports the following argument:

* `idleSettings` - (Optional) Settings related to idle shutdown of Studio applications. See [`idleSettings` Block](#idle_settings-block) below.

### `idleSettings` Block

The `idleSettings` block supports the following argument:

* `idleTimeoutInMinutes` - (Optional) The time that SageMaker AI waits after the application becomes idle before shutting it down. Valid values are between `60` and `525600`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The space's Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
* `homeEfsFileSystemUid` - The ID of the space's profile in the Amazon Elastic File System volume.
* `id` - The space's Amazon Resource Name (ARN).
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `url` - Returns the URL of the space. If the space is created with Amazon Web Services IAM Identity Center (Successor to Amazon Web Services Single Sign-On) authentication, users can navigate to the URL after appending the respective redirect parameter for the application type to be federated through Amazon Web Services IAM Identity Center.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import SageMaker AI Spaces using the `id`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SagemakerSpace } from "./.gen/providers/aws/sagemaker-space";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    SagemakerSpace.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "testSpace",
      "arn:aws:sagemaker:us-west-2:123456789012:space/domain-id/space-name"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import SageMaker AI Spaces using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_sagemaker_space.test_space arn:aws:sagemaker:us-west-2:123456789012:space/domain-id/space-name
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-21350076da09ef97944b692500285f4cff9600db11ad67a014bb6ab86df29678 -->