---
subcategory: "Security Lake"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_securitylake_subscriber_notification"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Security Lake Subscriber Notification.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_securitylake_subscriber_notification

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Security Lake Subscriber Notification.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SecuritylakeSubscriberNotification } from "./.gen/providers/aws/securitylake-subscriber-notification";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new SecuritylakeSubscriberNotification(this, "test", {
      configuration: [
        {
          sqsNotificationConfiguration: [{}],
        },
      ],
      subscriberId: Token.asString(awsSecuritylakeSubscriberTest.id),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `subscriberId` - (Required) The subscriber ID for the notification subscription.
* `configuration` - (Required) Specify the configuration using which you want to create the subscriber notification..

Configuration support the following:

* `sqsNotificationConfiguration` - (Optional) The configurations for SQS subscriber notification.
* `httpsNotificationConfiguration` - (Optional) The configurations for HTTPS subscriber notification.

HTTPS Notification Configuration support the following:

* `endpoint` - (Required) The subscription endpoint in Security Lake. If you prefer notification with an HTTPs endpoint, populate this field.
* `targetRoleArn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EventBridge API destinations IAM role that you created. For more information about ARNs and how to use them in policies, see Managing data access and AWS Managed Policies in the Amazon Security Lake User Guide.
* `authorizationApiKeyName` - (Optional) The key name for the notification subscription.
* `authorizationApiKeyValue` - (Optional) The key value for the notification subscription.
* `httpMethod` - (Optional) The HTTPS method used for the notification subscription.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `subscriberEndpoint` - The subscriber endpoint to which exception messages are posted.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `60m`)
* `update` - (Default `180m`)
* `delete` - (Default `90m`)

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-09eda09af2c4443bf700e891fe1eb703066e22f0c19b72fe01da04cc6818ad79 -->