---
subcategory: "Security Lake"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_securitylake_subscriber"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Security Lake Subscriber.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_securitylake_subscriber

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Security Lake Subscriber.

~> **NOTE:** The underlying `aws_securitylake_data_lake` must be configured before creating the `aws_securitylake_subscriber`. Use a `dependsOn` statement.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SecuritylakeSubscriber } from "./.gen/providers/aws/securitylake-subscriber";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new SecuritylakeSubscriber(this, "example", {
      accessType: "S3",
      dependsOn: [awsSecuritylakeDataLakeExample],
      source: [
        {
          awsLogSourceResource: [
            {
              sourceName: "ROUTE53",
              sourceVersion: "1.0",
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      subscriberIdentity: [
        {
          externalId: "example",
          principal: "1234567890",
        },
      ],
      subscriberName: "example-name",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `accessType` - (Optional) The Amazon S3 or Lake Formation access type.
* `source` - (Required) The supported AWS services from which logs and events are collected. Security Lake supports log and event collection for natively supported AWS services. See [`source` Blocks](#source-blocks) below.
* `subscriberIdentity` - (Required) The AWS identity used to access your data. See [`subscriberIdentity` Block](#subscriber_identity-block) below.
* `subscriberDescription` - (Optional) The description for your subscriber account in Security Lake.
* `subscriberName` - (Optional) The name of your Security Lake subscriber account.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `source` Blocks

`source` blocks support the following arguments:

* `awsLogSourceResource` - (Optional) Amazon Security Lake supports log and event collection for natively supported AWS services. See [`awsLogSourceResource` Block](#aws_log_source_resource-block) below.
* `customLogSourceResource` - (Optional) Amazon Security Lake supports custom source types. See [`customLogSourceResource` Block](#custom_log_source_resource-block) below.

### `subscriberIdentity` Block

The `subscriberIdentity` block supports the following arguments:

* `externalId` - (Required) The AWS Regions where Security Lake is automatically enabled.
* `principal` - (Required) Provides encryption details of Amazon Security Lake object.

### `awsLogSourceResource` Block

The `awsLogSourceResource` block supports the following arguments:

* `sourceName` - (Required) Provides data expiration details of Amazon Security Lake object.
* `sourceVersion` - (Optional) Provides data storage transition details of Amazon Security Lake object.

### `customLogSourceResource` Block

The `customLogSourceResource` block supports the following arguments. See [`customLogSourceResource` Attribute Reference](#custom_log_source_resource-attribute-reference) below for additional read-only attributes.

* `sourceName` - (Required) The name for a third-party custom source. This must be a Regionally unique value.
* `sourceVersion` - (Optional) The version for a third-party custom source. This must be a Regionally unique value.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the Data Lake.
* `id` - The Subscriber ID of the subscriber.
* `s3BucketArn` - The ARN for the Amazon Security Lake Amazon S3 bucket.
* `resourceShareArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) which uniquely defines the AWS RAM resource share. Before accepting the RAM resource share invitation, you can view details related to the RAM resource share.
* `roleArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the role of the subscriber.
* `subscriberEndpoint` - The subscriber endpoint to which exception messages are posted.
* `subscriberStatus` - The subscriber status of the Amazon Security Lake subscriber account.
* `resourceShareName` - The name of the resource share.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

### `customLogSourceResource` Attribute Reference

The `customLogSourceResource` block exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `attributes` - The attributes of the third-party custom source. See [`attributes` Block](#attributes-block) below.
* `provider` - The details of the log provider for the third-party custom source. See [`provider` Block](#provider-block) below.

### `attributes` Block

The `attributes` block exports the following attributes:

* `crawler_arn` - The ARN of the AWS Glue crawler.
* `database_arn` - The ARN of the AWS Glue database where results are written.
* `tableArn` - The ARN of the AWS Glue table.

### `provider` Block

The `provider` block exports the following attributes:

* `location` - The location of the partition in the Amazon S3 bucket for Security Lake.
* `roleArn` - The ARN of the IAM role to be used by the entity putting logs into your custom source partition.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `60m`)
* `update` - (Default `180m`)
* `delete` - (Default `90m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Security Lake subscriber using the subscriber ID. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SecuritylakeSubscriber } from "./.gen/providers/aws/securitylake-subscriber";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    SecuritylakeSubscriber.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "example",
      "9f3bfe79-d543-474d-a93c-f3846805d208"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Security Lake subscriber using the subscriber ID. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_securitylake_subscriber.example 9f3bfe79-d543-474d-a93c-f3846805d208
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.9 input-f5b4e1cd25d75d8ae4e94f1a85219a6922ba8874605c700c427ef7a190ff3716 -->