---
subcategory: "Service Catalog"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_servicecatalog_portfolio_share"
description: |-
  Manages a Service Catalog Portfolio Share
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_servicecatalog_portfolio_share

Manages a Service Catalog Portfolio Share. Shares the specified portfolio with the specified account or organization node. You can share portfolios to an organization, an organizational unit, or a specific account.

If the portfolio share with the specified account or organization node already exists, using this resource to re-create the share will have no effect and will not return an error. You can then use this resource to update the share.

~> **NOTE:** Shares to an organization node can only be created by the management account of an organization or by a delegated administrator. If a delegated admin is de-registered, they can no longer create portfolio shares.

~> **NOTE:** AWSOrganizationsAccess must be enabled in order to create a portfolio share to an organization node.

~> **NOTE:** You can't share a shared resource, including portfolios that contain a shared product.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { ServicecatalogPortfolioShare } from "./.gen/providers/aws/servicecatalog-portfolio-share";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new ServicecatalogPortfolioShare(this, "example", {
      portfolioId: Token.asString(awsServicecatalogPortfolioExample.id),
      principalId: "012128675309",
      type: "ACCOUNT",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `portfolioId` - (Required) Portfolio identifier.
* `principalId` - (Required) Identifier of the principal with whom you will share the portfolio. Valid values AWS account IDs and ARNs of AWS Organizations and organizational units.
* `type` - (Required) Type of portfolio share. Valid values are `ACCOUNT` (an external account), `ORGANIZATION` (a share to every account in an organization), `ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT`, `ORGANIZATION_MEMBER_ACCOUNT` (a share to an account in an organization).

The following arguments are optional:

* `acceptLanguage` - (Optional) Language code. Valid values: `en` (English), `jp` (Japanese), `zh` (Chinese). Default value is `en`.
* `sharePrincipals` - (Optional) Enables or disables Principal sharing when creating the portfolio share. If this flag is not provided, principal sharing is disabled.
* `shareTagOptions` - (Optional) Whether to enable sharing of `aws_servicecatalog_tag_option` resources when creating the portfolio share.
* `waitForAcceptance` - (Optional) Whether to wait (up to the timeout) for the share to be accepted. Organizational shares are automatically accepted.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `accepted` - Whether the shared portfolio is imported by the recipient account. If the recipient is organizational, the share is automatically imported, and the field is always set to true.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `create` - (Default `3m`)
- `read` - (Default `10m`)
- `update` - (Default `3m`)
- `delete` - (Default `3m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `awsServicecatalogPortfolioShare` using the portfolio share ID. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import `awsServicecatalogPortfolioShare` using the portfolio share ID. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_servicecatalog_portfolio_share.example port-12344321:ACCOUNT:123456789012
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-2bfc4e872e821217e1db9b54e4495ec060f98eb8c8810ca144d89c25443c542e -->