---
subcategory: "SES (Simple Email)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ses_receipt_rule"
description: |-
  Provides an SES receipt rule resource
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_ses_receipt_rule

Provides an SES receipt rule resource

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SesReceiptRule } from "./.gen/providers/aws/ses-receipt-rule";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new SesReceiptRule(this, "store", {
      addHeaderAction: [
        {
          headerName: "Custom-Header",
          headerValue: "Added by SES",
          position: 1,
        },
      ],
      enabled: true,
      name: "store",
      recipients: ["karen@example.com"],
      ruleSetName: "default-rule-set",
      s3Action: [
        {
          bucketName: "emails",
          position: 2,
        },
      ],
      scanEnabled: true,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the rule
* `ruleSetName` - (Required) The name of the rule set
* `after` - (Optional) The name of the rule to place this rule after
* `enabled` - (Optional) If true, the rule will be enabled
* `recipients` - (Optional) A list of email addresses
* `scanEnabled` - (Optional) If true, incoming emails will be scanned for spam and viruses
* `tlsPolicy` - (Optional) `Require` or `Optional`
* `addHeaderAction` - (Optional) A list of Add Header Action blocks. Documented below.
* `bounceAction` - (Optional) A list of Bounce Action blocks. Documented below.
* `lambdaAction` - (Optional) A list of Lambda Action blocks. Documented below.
* `s3Action` - (Optional) A list of S3 Action blocks. Documented below.
* `snsAction` - (Optional) A list of SNS Action blocks. Documented below.
* `stopAction` - (Optional) A list of Stop Action blocks. Documented below.
* `workmailAction` - (Optional) A list of WorkMail Action blocks. Documented below.

Add header actions support the following:

* `headerName` - (Required) The name of the header to add
* `headerValue` - (Required) The value of the header to add
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

Bounce actions support the following:

* `message` - (Required) The message to send
* `sender` - (Required) The email address of the sender
* `smtpReplyCode` - (Required) The RFC 5321 SMTP reply code
* `statusCode` - (Optional) The RFC 3463 SMTP enhanced status code
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

Lambda actions support the following:

* `functionArn` - (Required) The ARN of the Lambda function to invoke
* `invocationType` - (Optional) `Event` or `RequestResponse`
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

S3 actions support the following:

* `bucketName` - (Required) The name of the S3 bucket
* `kmsKeyArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the KMS key
* `objectKeyPrefix` - (Optional) The key prefix of the S3 bucket
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

SNS actions support the following:

* `topicArn` - (Required) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule
* `encoding` - (Optional) The encoding to use for the email within the Amazon SNS notification. Default value is `UTF-8`.

Stop actions support the following:

* `scope` - (Required) The scope to apply. The only acceptable value is `RuleSet`.
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

WorkMail actions support the following:

* `organizationArn` - (Required) The ARN of the WorkMail organization
* `topicArn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The SES receipt rule name.
* `arn` - The SES receipt rule ARN.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import SES receipt rules using the ruleset name and rule name separated by `:`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import SES receipt rules using the ruleset name and rule name separated by `:`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_ses_receipt_rule.my_rule my_rule_set:my_rule
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-ab45199c3afbc7c5a3c72ec3d4ff7c87e01a23be591b82978865a7ece9fb3494 -->