---
subcategory: "SESv2 (Simple Email V2)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sesv2_configuration_set"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_sesv2_configuration_set

Terraform resource for managing an AWS SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { Sesv2ConfigurationSet } from "./.gen/providers/aws/sesv2-configuration-set";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new Sesv2ConfigurationSet(this, "example", {
      configurationSetName: "example",
      deliveryOptions: {
        tlsPolicy: "REQUIRE",
      },
      reputationOptions: {
        reputationMetricsEnabled: false,
      },
      sendingOptions: {
        sendingEnabled: true,
      },
      suppressionOptions: {
        suppressedReasons: ["BOUNCE", "COMPLAINT"],
      },
      trackingOptions: {
        customRedirectDomain: "example.com",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `configurationSetName` - (Required) The name of the configuration set.
* `deliveryOptions` - (Optional) An object that defines the dedicated IP pool that is used to send emails that you send using the configuration set. See [`deliveryOptions` Block](#delivery_options-block) for details.
* `reputationOptions` - (Optional) An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES collects reputation metrics for the emails that you send that use the configuration set. See [`reputationOptions` Block](#reputation_options-block) for details.
* `sendingOptions` - (Optional) An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES can send email that you send using the configuration set. See [`sendingOptions` Block](#sending_options-block) for details.
* `suppressionOptions` - (Optional) An object that contains information about the suppression list preferences for your account. See [`suppressionOptions` Block](#suppression_options-block) for details.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the service. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `trackingOptions` - (Optional) An object that defines the open and click tracking options for emails that you send using the configuration set. See [`trackingOptions` Block](#tracking_options-block) for details.
* `vdmOptions` - (Optional) An object that defines the VDM settings that apply to emails that you send using the configuration set. See [`vdmOptions` Block](#vdm_options-block) for details.

### `deliveryOptions` Block

The `deliveryOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `sendingPoolName` - (Optional) The name of the dedicated IP pool to associate with the configuration set.
* `tlsPolicy` - (Optional) Specifies whether messages that use the configuration set are required to use Transport Layer Security (TLS). Valid values: `REQUIRE`, `OPTIONAL`.

### `reputationOptions` Block

The `reputationOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `reputationMetricsEnabled` - (Optional) If `true`, tracking of reputation metrics is enabled for the configuration set. If `false`, tracking of reputation metrics is disabled for the configuration set.

### `sendingOptions` Block

The `sendingOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `sendingEnabled` - (Optional) If `true`, email sending is enabled for the configuration set. If `false`, email sending is disabled for the configuration set.

### `suppressionOptions` Block

The `suppressionOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `suppressedReasons` - (Optional) A list that contains the reasons that email addresses are automatically added to the suppression list for your account. Valid values: `BOUNCE`, `COMPLAINT`.

### `trackingOptions` Block

The `trackingOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `customRedirectDomain` - (Required) The domain to use for tracking open and click events.

### `vdmOptions` Block

The `vdmOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `dashboardOptions` - (Optional) Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as applicable to the Dashboard. See [`dashboardOptions` Block](#dashboard_options-block) for details.
* `guardianOptions` - (Optional) Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as applicable to the Guardian. See [`guardianOptions` Block](#guardian_options-block) for details.

### `dashboardOptions` Block

The `dashboardOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `engagementMetrics` - (Optional) Specifies the status of your VDM engagement metrics collection. Valid values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

### `guardianOptions` Block

The `guardianOptions` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `optimizedSharedDelivery` - (Optional) Specifies the status of your VDM optimized shared delivery. Valid values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the Configuration Set.
* `reputationOptions` - An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES collects reputation metrics for the emails that you send that use the configuration set.
    * `lastFreshStart` - The date and time (in Unix time) when the reputation metrics were last given a fresh start. When your account is given a fresh start, your reputation metrics are calculated starting from the date of the fresh start.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set using the `configurationSetName`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { Sesv2ConfigurationSet } from "./.gen/providers/aws/sesv2-configuration-set";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    Sesv2ConfigurationSet.generateConfigForImport(this, "example", "example");
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set using the `configurationSetName`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_sesv2_configuration_set.example example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-003c069f05ea5b8836d33ce1f579ac41250d9029ef4a8a5bc4f4d9eb0663e3f6 -->