---
subcategory: "Storage Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_storagegateway_smb_file_share"
description: |-
  Manages an AWS Storage Gateway SMB File Share
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_storagegateway_smb_file_share

Manages an AWS Storage Gateway SMB File Share.

## Example Usage

### Active Directory Authentication

~> **NOTE:** The gateway must have already joined the Active Directory domain prior to SMB file share creationE.g., via "SMB Settings" in the AWS Storage Gateway console or `smbActiveDirectorySettings` in the [`aws_storagegateway_gateway` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/storagegateway_gateway.html).

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { StoragegatewaySmbFileShare } from "./.gen/providers/aws/storagegateway-smb-file-share";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new StoragegatewaySmbFileShare(this, "example", {
      authentication: "ActiveDirectory",
      gatewayArn: Token.asString(awsStoragegatewayGatewayExample.arn),
      locationArn: Token.asString(awsS3BucketExample.arn),
      roleArn: Token.asString(awsIamRoleExample.arn),
    });
  }
}

```

### Guest Authentication

~> **NOTE:** The gateway must have already had the SMB guest password set prior to SMB file share creationE.g., via "SMB Settings" in the AWS Storage Gateway console or `smbGuestPassword` in the [`aws_storagegateway_gateway` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/storagegateway_gateway.html).

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { StoragegatewaySmbFileShare } from "./.gen/providers/aws/storagegateway-smb-file-share";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new StoragegatewaySmbFileShare(this, "example", {
      authentication: "GuestAccess",
      gatewayArn: Token.asString(awsStoragegatewayGatewayExample.arn),
      locationArn: Token.asString(awsS3BucketExample.arn),
      roleArn: Token.asString(awsIamRoleExample.arn),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `gatewayArn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the file gateway.
* `locationArn` - (Required) The ARN of the backed storage used for storing file data.
* `vpcEndpointDnsName` - (Optional) The DNS name of the VPC endpoint for S3 private link.
* `bucketRegion` - (Optional) The region of the S3 buck used by the file share. Required when specifying a `vpcEndpointDnsName`.
* `roleArn` - (Required) The ARN of the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that a file gateway assumes when it accesses the underlying storage.
* `adminUserList` - (Optional) A list of users in the Active Directory that have admin access to the file share. Only valid if `authentication` is set to `ActiveDirectory`.
* `authentication` - (Optional) The authentication method that users use to access the file share. Defaults to `ActiveDirectory`. Valid values: `ActiveDirectory`, `GuestAccess`.
* `auditDestinationArn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CloudWatch Log Group used for the audit logs.
* `defaultStorageClass` - (Optional) The default [storage class](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/APIReference/API_CreateNFSFileShare.html#StorageGateway-CreateNFSFileShare-request-DefaultStorageClass) for objects put into an Amazon S3 bucket by the file gateway. Defaults to `S3_STANDARD`.
* `fileShareName` - (Optional) The name of the file share. Must be set if an S3 prefix name is set in `locationArn`.
* `guessMimeTypeEnabled` - (Optional) Boolean value that enables guessing of the MIME type for uploaded objects based on file extensions. Defaults to `true`.
* `invalidUserList` - (Optional) A list of users in the Active Directory that are not allowed to access the file share. Only valid if `authentication` is set to `ActiveDirectory`.
* `kmsEncrypted` - (Optional) Boolean value if `true` to use Amazon S3 server side encryption with your own AWS KMS key, or `false` to use a key managed by Amazon S3. Defaults to `false`.
* `kmsKeyArn` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for KMS key used for Amazon S3 server side encryption. This value can only be set when `kmsEncrypted` is true.
* `objectAcl` - (Optional) Access Control List permission for S3 objects. Defaults to `private`.
* `oplocksEnabled` - (Optional) Boolean to indicate Opportunistic lock (oplock) status. Defaults to `true`.
* `cacheAttributes` - (Optional) Refresh cache information. see [`cacheAttributes` Block](#cache_attributes-block) for more details.

  **Note:** If you have previously included a `cacheAttributes` block in your configuration, removing it will not reset the refresh cache value and the previous value will remain. You must explicitly set a new value to change it.
* `readOnly` - (Optional) Boolean to indicate write status of file share. File share does not accept writes if `true`. Defaults to `false`.
* `requesterPays` - (Optional) Boolean who pays the cost of the request and the data download from the Amazon S3 bucket. Set this value to `true` if you want the requester to pay instead of the bucket owner. Defaults to `false`.
* `smbAclEnabled` - (Optional) Set this value to `true` to enable ACL (access control list) on the SMB fileshare. Set it to `false` to map file and directory permissions to the POSIX permissions. This setting applies only to `ActiveDirectory` authentication type.
* `caseSensitivity` - (Optional) The case of an object name in an Amazon S3 bucket. For `ClientSpecified`, the client determines the case sensitivity. For `CaseSensitive`, the gateway determines the case sensitivity. The default value is `ClientSpecified`.
* `validUserList` - (Optional) A list of users in the Active Directory that are allowed to access the file share. If you need to specify an Active directory group, add '@' before the name of the group. It will be set on Allowed group in AWS console. Only valid if `authentication` is set to `ActiveDirectory`.
* `accessBasedEnumeration` - (Optional) The files and folders on this share will only be visible to users with read access. Default value is `false`.
* `notificationPolicy` - (Optional) The notification policy of the file share. For more information see the [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/APIReference/API_CreateNFSFileShare.html#StorageGateway-CreateNFSFileShare-request-NotificationPolicy). Default value is `{}`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `cacheAttributes` Block

The `cacheAttributes` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `cacheStaleTimeoutInSeconds` - (Optional) Refreshes a file share's cache by using Time To Live (TTL).
 TTL is the length of time since the last refresh after which access to the directory would cause the file gateway
  to first refresh that directory's contents from the Amazon S3 bucket. Valid Values: 300 to 2,592,000 seconds (5 minutes to 30 days)

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SMB File Share.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SMB File Share.
* `fileshareId` - ID of the SMB File Share.
* `path` - File share path used by the NFS client to identify the mount point.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10m`)
* `update` - (Default `10m`)
* `delete` - (Default `15m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_storagegateway_smb_file_share` using the SMB File Share Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { StoragegatewaySmbFileShare } from "./.gen/providers/aws/storagegateway-smb-file-share";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    StoragegatewaySmbFileShare.generateConfigForImport(
      this,
      "example",
      "arn:aws:storagegateway:us-east-1:123456789012:share/share-12345678"
    );
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_storagegateway_smb_file_share` using the SMB File Share Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_storagegateway_smb_file_share.example arn:aws:storagegateway:us-east-1:123456789012:share/share-12345678
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-266d36f4283c8f5cbf1514fda12c86d9206bde44c81510fef8f77f3c9788e4d7 -->