---
subcategory: "CloudWatch Synthetics"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_synthetics_canary"
description: |-
  Provides a Synthetics Canary resource
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_synthetics_canary

Provides a Synthetics Canary resource.

~> **NOTE:** When you create a canary, AWS creates supporting implicit resources. See the Amazon CloudWatch Synthetics documentation on [DeleteCanary](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonSynthetics/latest/APIReference/API_DeleteCanary.html) for a full list. Neither AWS nor Terraform deletes these implicit resources automatically when the canary is deleted. Before deleting a canary, ensure you have all the information about the canary that you need to delete the implicit resources using Terraform shell commands, the AWS Console, or AWS CLI.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SyntheticsCanary } from "./.gen/providers/aws/synthetics-canary";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new SyntheticsCanary(this, "some", {
      artifactS3Location: "s3://some-bucket/",
      executionRoleArn: "some-role",
      handler: "exports.handler",
      name: "some-canary",
      runtimeVersion: "syn-1.0",
      schedule: {
        expression: "rate(0 minute)",
      },
      zipFile: "test-fixtures/lambdatest.zip",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `artifactS3Location` - (Required) Location in Amazon S3 where Synthetics stores artifacts from the test runs of this canary.
* `executionRoleArn` - (Required) ARN of the IAM role to be used to run the canary. see [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonSynthetics/latest/APIReference/API_CreateCanary.html#API_CreateCanary_RequestSyntax) for permissions needs for IAM Role.
* `handler` - (Required) Entry point to use for the source code when running the canary. This value must end with the string `.handler` .
* `name` - (Required) Name for this canary. Has a maximum length of 21 characters. Valid characters are lowercase alphanumeric, hyphen, or underscore.
* `runtimeVersion` - (Required) Runtime version to use for the canary. Versions change often so consult the [Amazon CloudWatch documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch_Synthetics_Canaries_Library.html) for the latest valid versions. Values include `syn-python-selenium-1.0`, `syn-nodejs-puppeteer-3.0`, `syn-nodejs-2.2`, `syn-nodejs-2.1`, `syn-nodejs-2.0`, and `syn-1.0`.
* `schedule` -  (Required) Configuration block providing how often the canary is to run and when these test runs are to stop. Detailed below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `deleteLambda` - (Optional)  Specifies whether to also delete the Lambda functions and layers used by this canary. The default is `false`.
* `vpcConfig` - (Optional) Configuration block. Detailed below.
* `failureRetentionPeriod` - (Optional) Number of days to retain data about failed runs of this canary. If you omit this field, the default of 31 days is used. The valid range is 1 to 455 days.
* `runConfig` - (Optional) Configuration block for individual canary runs. Detailed below.
* `s3Bucket` - (Optional) Full bucket name which is used if your canary script is located in S3. The bucket must already exist. **Conflicts with `zip_file`.**
* `s3Key` - (Optional) S3 key of your script. **Conflicts with `zip_file`.**
* `s3Version` - (Optional) S3 version ID of your script. **Conflicts with `zip_file`.**
* `startCanary` - (Optional) Whether to run or stop the canary.
* `successRetentionPeriod` - (Optional) Number of days to retain data about successful runs of this canary. If you omit this field, the default of 31 days is used. The valid range is 1 to 455 days.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `artifactConfig` - (Optional) configuration for canary artifacts, including the encryption-at-rest settings for artifacts that the canary uploads to Amazon S3. See [Artifact Config](#artifact_config).
* `zipFile` - (Optional) ZIP file that contains the script, if you input your canary script directly into the canary instead of referring to an S3 location. It can be up to 225KB. **Conflicts with `s3_bucket`, `s3_key`, and `s3_version`.**

### artifact_config

* `s3Encryption` - (Optional) Configuration of the encryption-at-rest settings for artifacts that the canary uploads to Amazon S3. See [S3 Encryption](#s3_encryption).

### s3_encryption

* `encryptionMode` - (Optional) The encryption method to use for artifacts created by this canary. Valid values are: `SSE_S3` and `SSE_KMS`.
* `kmsKeyArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the customer-managed KMS key to use, if you specify `SSE_KMS` for `encryption_mode`.

### schedule

* `expression` - (Required) Rate expression or cron expression that defines how often the canary is to run. For rate expression, the syntax is `rate(number unit)`. _unit_ can be `minute`, `minutes`, or `hour`. For cron expression, the syntax is `cron(expression)`. For more information about the syntax for cron expressions, see [Scheduling canary runs using cron](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch_Synthetics_Canaries_cron.html).
* `durationInSeconds` - (Optional) Duration in seconds, for the canary to continue making regular runs according to the schedule in the Expression value.

### run_config

* `timeoutInSeconds` - (Optional) Number of seconds the canary is allowed to run before it must stop. If you omit this field, the frequency of the canary is used, up to a maximum of 840 (14 minutes).
* `memoryInMb` - (Optional) Maximum amount of memory available to the canary while it is running, in MB. The value you specify must be a multiple of 64.
* `activeTracing` - (Optional) Whether this canary is to use active AWS X-Ray tracing when it runs. You can enable active tracing only for canaries that use version syn-nodejs-2.0 or later for their canary runtime.
* `environmentVariables` - (Optional) Map of environment variables that are accessible from the canary during execution. Please see [AWS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-envvars.html#configuration-envvars-runtime) for variables reserved for Lambda.

### vpc_config

If this canary tests an endpoint in a VPC, this structure contains information about the subnet and security groups of the VPC endpoint. For more information, see [Running a Canary in a VPC](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch_Synthetics_Canaries_VPC.html).

* `subnetIds` - (Required) IDs of the subnets where this canary is to run.
* `securityGroupIds` - (Required) IDs of the security groups for this canary.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Canary.
* `engineArn` - ARN of the Lambda function that is used as your canary's engine.
* `id` - Name for this canary.
* `sourceLocationArn` - ARN of the Lambda layer where Synthetics stores the canary script code.
* `status` - Canary status.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `timeline` - Structure that contains information about when the canary was created, modified, and most recently run. see [Timeline](#timeline).

### vpc_config

* `vpcId` - ID of the VPC where this canary is to run.

### timeline

* `created` - Date and time the canary was created.
* `lastModified` - Date and time the canary was most recently modified.
* `lastStarted` - Date and time that the canary's most recent run started.
* `lastStopped` - Date and time that the canary's most recent run ended.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Synthetics Canaries using the `name`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Synthetics Canaries using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_synthetics_canary.some some-canary
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-7a9e3e1413440a0151e0d113031ae787861be1f778da70a162639b9434cfd1fb -->