---
subcategory: "Transfer Family"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_transfer_workflow"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS Transfer Workflow resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_transfer_workflow

Provides a AWS Transfer Workflow resource.

## Example Usage

### Basic single step example

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { TransferWorkflow } from "./.gen/providers/aws/transfer-workflow";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new TransferWorkflow(this, "example", {
      steps: [
        {
          deleteStepDetails: {
            name: "example",
            sourceFileLocation: "$${original.file}",
          },
          type: "DELETE",
        },
      ],
    });
  }
}

```

### Multistep example

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { TransferWorkflow } from "./.gen/providers/aws/transfer-workflow";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new TransferWorkflow(this, "example", {
      steps: [
        {
          customStepDetails: {
            name: "example",
            sourceFileLocation: "$${original.file}",
            target: Token.asString(awsLambdaFunctionExample.arn),
            timeoutSeconds: 60,
          },
          type: "CUSTOM",
        },
        {
          tagStepDetails: {
            name: "example",
            sourceFileLocation: "$${original.file}",
            tags: [
              {
                key: "Name",
                value: "Hello World",
              },
            ],
          },
          type: "TAG",
        },
      ],
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `description` - (Optional) A textual description for the workflow.
* `onExceptionSteps` - (Optional) Specifies the steps (actions) to take if errors are encountered during execution of the workflow. See Workflow Steps below.
* `steps` - (Required) Specifies the details for the steps that are in the specified workflow. See Workflow Steps below.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Workflow Steps

* `copyStepDetails` - (Optional) Details for a step that performs a file copy. See Copy Step Details below.
* `customStepDetails` - (Optional) Details for a step that invokes a lambda function.
* `decryptStepDetails` - (Optional) Details for a step that decrypts the file.
* `deleteStepDetails` - (Optional) Details for a step that deletes the file.
* `tagStepDetails` - (Optional) Details for a step that creates one or more tags.
* `type` - (Required) One of the following step types are supported. `COPY`, `CUSTOM`, `DECRYPT`, `DELETE`, and `TAG`.

#### Copy Step Details

* `destinationFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies the location for the file being copied. Use ${Transfer:username} in this field to parametrize the destination prefix by username.
* `name` - (Optional) The name of the step, used as an identifier.
* `overwriteExisting` - (Optional) A flag that indicates whether or not to overwrite an existing file of the same name. The default is `FALSE`. Valid values are `TRUE` and `FALSE`.
* `sourceFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies which file to use as input to the workflow step: either the output from the previous step, or the originally uploaded file for the workflow. Enter ${previous.file} to use the previous file as the input. In this case, this workflow step uses the output file from the previous workflow step as input. This is the default value. Enter ${original.file} to use the originally-uploaded file location as input for this step.

#### Custom Step Details

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the step, used as an identifier.
* `sourceFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies which file to use as input to the workflow step: either the output from the previous step, or the originally uploaded file for the workflow. Enter ${previous.file} to use the previous file as the input. In this case, this workflow step uses the output file from the previous workflow step as input. This is the default value. Enter ${original.file} to use the originally-uploaded file location as input for this step.
* `target` - (Optional) The ARN for the lambda function that is being called.
* `timeoutSeconds` - (Optional) Timeout, in seconds, for the step.

#### Decrypt Step Details

* `destinationFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies the location for the file being copied. Use ${Transfer:username} in this field to parametrize the destination prefix by username.
* `name` - (Optional) The name of the step, used as an identifier.
* `overwriteExisting` - (Optional) A flag that indicates whether or not to overwrite an existing file of the same name. The default is `FALSE`. Valid values are `TRUE` and `FALSE`.
* `sourceFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies which file to use as input to the workflow step: either the output from the previous step, or the originally uploaded file for the workflow. Enter ${previous.file} to use the previous file as the input. In this case, this workflow step uses the output file from the previous workflow step as input. This is the default value. Enter ${original.file} to use the originally-uploaded file location as input for this step.
* `type` - (Required) The type of encryption used. Currently, this value must be `"PGP"`.

#### Delete Step Details

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the step, used as an identifier.
* `sourceFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies which file to use as input to the workflow step: either the output from the previous step, or the originally uploaded file for the workflow. Enter ${previous.file} to use the previous file as the input. In this case, this workflow step uses the output file from the previous workflow step as input. This is the default value. Enter ${original.file} to use the originally-uploaded file location as input for this step.

#### Tag Step Details

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the step, used as an identifier.
* `sourceFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies which file to use as input to the workflow step: either the output from the previous step, or the originally uploaded file for the workflow. Enter ${previous.file} to use the previous file as the input. In this case, this workflow step uses the output file from the previous workflow step as input. This is the default value. Enter ${original.file} to use the originally-uploaded file location as input for this step.
* `tags` - (Optional) Array that contains from 1 to 10 key/value pairs. See S3 Tags below.

##### Destination File Location

* `efsFileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies the details for the EFS file being copied.
* `s3FileLocation` - (Optional) Specifies the details for the S3 file being copied.

###### EFS File Location

* `fileSystemId` - (Optional) The ID of the file system, assigned by Amazon EFS.
* `path` - (Optional) The pathname for the folder being used by a workflow.

###### S3 File Location

* `bucket` - (Optional) Specifies the S3 bucket for the customer input file.
* `key` - (Optional) The name assigned to the file when it was created in S3. You use the object key to retrieve the object.

##### S3 Tag

* `key` - (Required) The name assigned to the tag that you create.
* `value` - (Required) The value that corresponds to the key.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The Workflow ARN.
* `id` - The Workflow id.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Transfer Workflows using the `worflow_id`. For example:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { TransferWorkflow } from "./.gen/providers/aws/transfer-workflow";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    TransferWorkflow.generateConfigForImport(this, "example", "example");
  }
}

```

Using `terraform import`, import Transfer Workflows using the `worflow_id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_transfer_workflow.example example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-cd26b4eb2c7b6d9241f3db734757f36018a8ddd76361c4116bc6c49c94847364 -->