---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_vpc_endpoint_service"
description: |-
  Provides a VPC Endpoint Service resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_vpc_endpoint_service

Provides a VPC Endpoint Service resource.
Service consumers can create an _Interface_ [VPC Endpoint](vpc_endpoint.html) to connect to the service.

~> **NOTE on VPC Endpoint Services and VPC Endpoint Service Allowed Principals:** Terraform provides
both a standalone [VPC Endpoint Service Allowed Principal](vpc_endpoint_service_allowed_principal.html) resource
and a VPC Endpoint Service resource with an `allowedPrincipals` attribute. Do not use the same principal ARN in both
a VPC Endpoint Service resource and a VPC Endpoint Service Allowed Principal resource. Doing so will cause a conflict
and will overwrite the association.

## Example Usage

### Network Load Balancers

```typescript
// Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { VpcEndpointService } from "./.gen/providers/aws/vpc-endpoint-service";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new VpcEndpointService(this, "example", {
      acceptanceRequired: false,
      networkLoadBalancerArns: [Token.asString(awsLbExample.arn)],
    });
  }
}

```

### Gateway Load Balancers

```typescript
// Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { VpcEndpointService } from "./.gen/providers/aws/vpc-endpoint-service";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new VpcEndpointService(this, "example", {
      acceptanceRequired: false,
      gatewayLoadBalancerArns: [Token.asString(awsLbExample.arn)],
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `acceptanceRequired` - (Required) Whether or not VPC endpoint connection requests to the service must be accepted by the service owner - `true` or `false`.
* `allowedPrincipals` - (Optional) The ARNs of one or more principals allowed to discover the endpoint service.
* `gatewayLoadBalancerArns` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of one or more Gateway Load Balancers for the endpoint service.
* `networkLoadBalancerArns` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of one or more Network Load Balancers for the endpoint service.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `privateDnsName` - (Optional) The private DNS name for the service.
* `supportedIpAddressTypes` - (Optional) The supported IP address types. The possible values are `ipv4` and `ipv6`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the VPC endpoint service.
* `availabilityZones` - A set of Availability Zones in which the service is available.
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the VPC endpoint service.
* `baseEndpointDnsNames` - A set of DNS names for the service.
* `managesVpcEndpoints` - Whether or not the service manages its VPC endpoints - `true` or `false`.
* `serviceName` - The service name.
* `serviceType` - The service type, `gateway` or `interface`.
* `state` - The state of the VPC endpoint service.
* `privateDnsNameConfiguration` - List of objects containing information about the endpoint service private DNS name configuration.
    * `name` - Name of the record subdomain the service provider needs to create.
    * `state` - Verification state of the VPC endpoint service. Consumers of the endpoint service can use the private name only when the state is `verified`.
    * `type` - Endpoint service verification type, for example `txt`.
    * `value` - Value the service provider adds to the private DNS name domain record before verification.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

VPC Endpoint Services can be imported using the `VPC endpoint service id`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_vpc_endpoint_service.foo vpce-svc-0f97a19d3fa8220bc
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.1 input-d8ef0dd3055ab4703bb6e72fe79f4b8eb534a0b42292e1e8c9a2ada579470665 -->