---
subcategory: "Elemental MediaTailor"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_media_tailor_playback_configuration"
description: |-
  Gets information about a MediaTailor Playback Configuration
---

# Data Source: aws_media_tailor_playback_configuration

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aws_media_tailor_playback_configuration" "example" {
  name = "playback_configuration_name"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) The name of the playback configuration.

## Attributes Reference

* `ad_decision_server_url` - The URL for the ad decision server (ADS).
* `avail_suppression` - The configuration for avail suppression, also known as ad suppression. Detailed below.
* `bumper` - The configuration for bumpers. Detailed below.
* `cdn_configuration` - The configuration for using a content delivery network (CDN) for content and ad segment management. Detailed below.
* `dash_configuration` - The configuration for DASH content. Detailed below.
* `hls_configuration` - The configuration for HLS content. Detailed below.
* `live_pre_roll_configuration` - The configuration for pre-roll ad insertion. Detailed below.
* `log_configuration` - The Amazon CloudWatch log settings for a playback configuration. Detailed below.
* `manifest_processing_rules` - The configuration for manifest processing rules. Detailed below.
* `personalization_threshold_seconds` - Defines the maximum duration of underfilled ad time (in seconds) allowed in an ad break.
* `playback_configuration_arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the playback configuration.
* `playback_endpoint_prefix` - The URL that the player accesses to get a manifest from AWS Elemental MediaTailor.
* `session_initialization_endpoint_prefix` - The URL that the player uses to initialize a session that uses client-side reporting.
* `slate_ad_url` - The URL for a high-quality video asset to transcode and use to fill in time that's not used by ads. 
* `transcode_profile_name` - The name that is used to associate this playback configuration with a custom transcode profile. 
* `video_content_source_url` - The URL prefix for the parent manifest for the stream, minus the asset ID.

### `avail_suppression`

* `mode` - The ad suppression mode. Can either be "OFF" or "BEHIND_LIVE_EDGE".
* `value` - Time value in HH:MM:SS format after which MediaTailor will not fill any ad breaks.

### `bumper`

* `end_url` - The URL for the end bumper asset.
* `start_url` - The URL for the start bumper asset.

### `cdn_configuration`

* `ad_segment_url_prefix` - A non-default CDN to serve ads segments.
* `content_segment_url_prefix` - A CDN to cache content segments.

### `dash_configuration`

* `manifest_endpoint_prefix` - URL generated by MediaTailor to initiate a playback session.
* `mpd_location` - Controls whether MediaTailor includes the Location tag in Dash manifest files. Can either be "DISABLED" or "EMT_DEFAULT.
* `origin_manifest_type` - Controls whether MediaTailor handles manifest files as single-period or multi-period manifest files. Can either be "SINGLE_PERIOD" or "MULTI_PERIOD".

### `hls_configuration`

* `manifest_endpoint_prefix` - URL generated by MediaTailor to initiate a playback session on devices that support Apple HLS.

### `live_pre_roll_configuration`

* `ad_decision_server_url` - The URL for the ad decision server (ADS) for pre-roll ads.
* `max_duration_seconds` -  The maximum allowed duration for the pre-roll ad avail.

### `log_configuration`

* `percent_enabled` - The percentage of session logs that MediaTailor sends to your Cloudwatch Logs account.

### `manifest_processing_rules`
#### `ad_marker_passthrough`

* `enabled` - Enables ad marker passthrough for your configuration.
