---
subcategory: "Signer"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_signer_signing_job"
description: |-
  Provides a Signer Signing Job data source.
---

# Data Source: aws_signer_signing_job

Provides information about a Signer Signing Job.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "aws_signer_signing_job" "build_signing_job" {
  job_id = "9ed7e5c3-b8d4-4da0-8459-44e0b068f7ee"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `job_id` - (Required) The ID of the signing job on output.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `completed_at` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was completed.
* `created_at` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was created.
* `job_invoker` - The IAM entity that initiated the signing job.
* `job_owner` - The AWS account ID of the job owner.
* `platform_display_name` - A human-readable name for the signing platform associated with the signing job.
* `platform_id` - The platform to which your signed code image will be distributed.
* `profile_name` - The name of the profile that initiated the signing operation.
* `profile_version` - The version of the signing profile used to initiate the signing job.
* `requested_by` - The IAM principal that requested the signing job.
* `revocation_record` - A revocation record if the signature generated by the signing job has been revoked. Contains a timestamp and the ID of the IAM entity that revoked the signature.
* `signature_expires_at` - The time when the signature of a signing job expires.
* `signed_object` - Name of the S3 bucket where the signed code image is saved by code signing.
* `source` - The object that contains the name of your S3 bucket or your raw code.
* `status` - Status of the signing job.
* `status_reason` - String value that contains the status reason.
