---
subcategory: "API Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_api_gateway_api_key"
description: |-
  Provides an API Gateway API Key.
---

# Resource: aws_api_gateway_api_key

Provides an API Gateway API Key.

~> **NOTE:** Since the API Gateway usage plans feature was launched on August 11, 2016, usage plans are now **required** to associate an API key with an API stage.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_api_gateway_api_key" "example" {
  name = "example"
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `name` - (Required) Name of the API key.
* `customer_id` - (Optional) An Amazon Web Services Marketplace customer identifier, when integrating with the Amazon Web Services SaaS Marketplace.
* `description` - (Optional) API key description. Defaults to "Managed by Terraform".
* `enabled` - (Optional) Whether the API key can be used by callers. Defaults to `true`.
* `value` - (Optional) Value of the API key. If specified, the value must be an alphanumeric string between 20 and 128 characters. If not specified, it will be automatically generated by AWS on creation.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - ID of the API key
* `created_date` - Creation date of the API key
* `last_updated_date` - Last update date of the API key
* `arn` - ARN
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import API Gateway Keys using the `id`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_api_gateway_api_key.example
  id = "8bklk8bl1k3sB38D9B3l0enyWT8c09B30lkq0blk"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import API Gateway Keys using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_api_gateway_api_key.example 8bklk8bl1k3sB38D9B3l0enyWT8c09B30lkq0blk
```
