---
subcategory: "API Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_api_gateway_documentation_part"
description: |-
  Provides a settings of an API Gateway Documentation Part.
---

# Resource: aws_api_gateway_documentation_part

Provides a settings of an API Gateway Documentation Part.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_api_gateway_documentation_part" "example" {
  location {
    type   = "METHOD"
    method = "GET"
    path   = "/example"
  }

  properties  = "{\"description\":\"Example description\"}"
  rest_api_id = aws_api_gateway_rest_api.example.id
}

resource "aws_api_gateway_rest_api" "example" {
  name = "example_api"
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `location` - (Required) Location of the targeted API entity of the to-be-created documentation part. See below.
* `properties` - (Required) Content map of API-specific key-value pairs describing the targeted API entity. The map must be encoded as a JSON string, e.g., "{ \"description\": \"The API does ...\" }". Only Swagger-compliant key-value pairs can be exported and, hence, published.
* `rest_api_id` - (Required) ID of the associated Rest API

### Nested fields

#### `location`

See supported entity types for each field in the [official docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/api-reference/resource/documentation-part/).

* `method` - (Optional) HTTP verb of a method. The default value is `*` for any method.
* `name` - (Optional) Name of the targeted API entity.
* `path` - (Optional) URL path of the target. The default value is `/` for the root resource.
* `status_code` - (Optional) HTTP status code of a response. The default value is `*` for any status code.
* `type` - (Required) Type of API entity to which the documentation content appliesE.g., `API`, `METHOD` or `REQUEST_BODY`

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `documentation_part_id` - The DocumentationPart identifier, generated by API Gateway when the documentation part is created.
* `id` - Unique ID of the Documentation Part

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import API Gateway documentation_parts using `REST-API-ID/DOC-PART-ID`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_api_gateway_documentation_part.example
  id = "5i4e1ko720/3oyy3t"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import API Gateway documentation_parts using `REST-API-ID/DOC-PART-ID`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_api_gateway_documentation_part.example 5i4e1ko720/3oyy3t
```
