---
subcategory: "ELB Classic"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_app_cookie_stickiness_policy"
description: |-
  Provides an application cookie stickiness policy, which allows an ELB to wed its stickiness cookie to a cookie generated by your application.
---

# Resource: aws_app_cookie_stickiness_policy

Provides an application cookie stickiness policy, which allows an ELB to wed its sticky cookie's expiration to a cookie generated by your application.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_elb" "lb" {
  name               = "test-lb"
  availability_zones = ["us-east-1a"]

  listener {
    instance_port     = 8000
    instance_protocol = "http"
    lb_port           = 80
    lb_protocol       = "http"
  }
}

resource "aws_app_cookie_stickiness_policy" "foo" {
  name          = "foo_policy"
  load_balancer = aws_elb.lb.name
  lb_port       = 80
  cookie_name   = "MyAppCookie"
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the stickiness policy.
* `load_balancer` - (Required) Name of load balancer to which the policy
  should be attached.
* `lb_port` - (Required) Load balancer port to which the policy
  should be applied. This must be an active listener on the load
balancer.
* `cookie_name` - (Required) Application cookie whose lifetime the ELB's cookie should follow.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - ID of the policy.
* `name` - Name of the stickiness policy.
* `load_balancer` - Name of load balancer to which the policy is attached.
* `lb_port` - Load balancer port to which the policy is applied.
* `cookie_name` - Application cookie whose lifetime the ELB's cookie should follow.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import application cookie stickiness policies using the ELB name, port, and policy name separated by colons (`:`). For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_app_cookie_stickiness_policy.example
  id = "my-elb:80:my-policy"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import application cookie stickiness policies using the ELB name, port, and policy name separated by colons (`:`). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_app_cookie_stickiness_policy.example my-elb:80:my-policy
```
