---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_public_key"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudFront Public Key which you add to CloudFront to use with features like field-level encryption.
---

# Resource: aws_cloudfront_public_key

## Example Usage

The following example below creates a CloudFront public key.

```terraform
resource "aws_cloudfront_public_key" "example" {
  comment     = "test public key"
  encoded_key = file("public_key.pem")
  name        = "test_key"
}
```

### Write-Only Encoded Key

The following example uses the write-only `encoded_key_wo` attribute to prevent the public key from being stored in Terraform state.

```terraform
resource "aws_cloudfront_public_key" "example" {
  comment                = "test public key"
  encoded_key_wo         = file("public_key.pem")
  encoded_key_wo_version = 1
  name                   = "test_key"
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `comment` - (Optional) An optional comment about the public key.
* `encoded_key` - (Optional) The encoded public key that you want to add to CloudFront to use with features like field-level encryption. This is required if `encoded_key_wo` is not set.
* `encoded_key_wo` - (Optional) The encoded public key that you want to add to CloudFront to use with features like field-level encryption. This is required if `encoded_key` is not set.
* `encoded_key_wo_version` - (Optional) Used together with `encoded_key_wo` to trigger an update. Increment this value when an update to `encoded_key_wo` is required.
* `name` - (Optional) The name for the public key. By default generated by Terraform.
* `name_prefix` - (Optional) The name for the public key. Conflicts with `name`.

**NOTE:** When setting `encoded_key` or `encoded_key_wo` value, there needs a newline at the end of string. Otherwise, multiple runs of terraform will want to recreate the `aws_cloudfront_public_key` resource.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `caller_reference` - Internal value used by CloudFront to allow future updates to the public key configuration.
* `etag` - The current version of the public key. For example: `E2QWRUHAPOMQZL`.
* `has_encoded_key_wo` - Whether the public key was created with `encoded_key_wo`.
* `id` - The identifier for the public key. For example: `K3D5EWEUDCCXON`.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import CloudFront Public Key using the `id`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_cloudfront_public_key.example
  id = "K3D5EWEUDCCXON"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import CloudFront Public Key using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_cloudfront_public_key.example K3D5EWEUDCCXON
```
