---
subcategory: "EventBridge"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudwatch_event_api_destination"
description: |-
  Provides an EventBridge event API Destination resource.
---

# Resource: aws_cloudwatch_event_api_destination

Provides an EventBridge event API Destination resource.

~> **Note:** EventBridge was formerly known as CloudWatch Events. The functionality is identical.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_cloudwatch_event_api_destination" "test" {
  name                             = "api-destination"
  description                      = "An API Destination"
  invocation_endpoint              = "https://api.destination.com/endpoint"
  http_method                      = "POST"
  invocation_rate_limit_per_second = 20
  connection_arn                   = aws_cloudwatch_event_connection.test.arn
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the new API Destination. The name must be unique for your account. Maximum of 64 characters consisting of numbers, lower/upper case letters, .,-,_.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the new API Destination. Maximum of 512 characters.
* `invocation_endpoint` - (Required) URL endpoint to invoke as a target. This could be a valid endpoint generated by a partner service. You can include "*" as path parameters wildcards to be set from the Target HttpParameters.
* `http_method` - (Required) Select the HTTP method used for the invocation endpoint, such as GET, POST, PUT, etc.
* `invocation_rate_limit_per_second` - (Optional) Enter the maximum number of invocations per second to allow for this destination. Enter a value greater than 0 (default 300).
* `connection_arn` - (Required) ARN of the EventBridge Connection to use for the API Destination.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the event API Destination.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import EventBridge API Destinations using the `name`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_cloudwatch_event_api_destination.test
  id = "api-destination"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import EventBridge API Destinations using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_cloudwatch_event_api_destination.test api-destination
```
