---
subcategory: "DocumentDB"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_docdb_event_subscription"
description: |-
  Provides a DocumentDB event subscription resource.
---

# Resource: aws_docdb_event_subscription

Provides a DocumentDB event subscription resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_docdb_cluster" "example" {
  cluster_identifier  = "example"
  availability_zones  = [data.aws_availability_zones.available.names[0], data.aws_availability_zones.available.names[1], data.aws_availability_zones.available.names[2]]
  master_username     = "foo"
  master_password     = "mustbeeightcharaters"
  skip_final_snapshot = true
}

resource "aws_sns_topic" "example" {
  name = "example-events"
}

resource "aws_docdb_event_subscription" "example" {
  name             = "example"
  enabled          = true
  event_categories = ["creation", "failure"]
  source_type      = "db-cluster"
  source_ids       = [aws_docdb_cluster.example.id]
  sns_topic_arn    = aws_sns_topic.example.arn
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the DocumentDB event subscription. By default generated by Terraform.
* `name_prefix` - (Optional) The name of the DocumentDB event subscription. Conflicts with `name`.
* `sns_topic` - (Required) The SNS topic to send events to.
* `source_ids` - (Optional) A list of identifiers of the event sources for which events will be returned. If not specified, then all sources are included in the response. If specified, a source_type must also be specified.
* `source_type` - (Optional) The type of source that will be generating the events. Valid options are `db-instance`, `db-cluster`, `db-parameter-group`, `db-security-group`,` db-cluster-snapshot`. If not set, all sources will be subscribed to.
* `event_categories` - (Optional) A list of event categories for a SourceType that you want to subscribe to. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/API_Event.html or run `aws docdb describe-event-categories`.
* `enabled` - (Optional) A boolean flag to enable/disable the subscription. Defaults to true.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The name of the DocumentDB event notification subscription
* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name of the DocumentDB event notification subscription
* `customer_aws_id` - The AWS customer account associated with the DocumentDB event notification subscription
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `create` - (Default `40m`)
- `delete` - (Default `40m`)
- `update` - (Default `40m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import DocumentDB Event Subscriptions using the `name`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_docdb_event_subscription.example
  id = "event-sub"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import DocumentDB Event Subscriptions using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_docdb_event_subscription.example event-sub
```
