---
subcategory: "EMR Containers"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_emrcontainers_security_configuration"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS EMR Containers Security Configuration.
---
# Resource: aws_emrcontainers_security_configuration

Terraform resource for managing an AWS EMR Containers Security Configuration.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_emrcontainers_security_configuration" "foo" {

  name = "foo"
  
  security_configuration_data {
    authorization_configuration {
    
      lake_formation_configuration {
        authorized_session_tag_value = "EMR on EKS Engine"
        query_engine_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/query-engine-role"
        secure_namespace_info {
          cluster_id = "bar"
          namespace = "default"
        }
      }
	  
      encryption_configuration {
        in_transit_encryption_configuration {
          tls_certificate_configuration {
            certificate_provider_type = "PEM"
            private_certificate_secret_arn = "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:tls/certificate/private"
            public_certificate_secret_arn = "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-2:123456789012:secret:tls/certificate/public"
          }
        }
      }
      
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `security_configuration_data` - (Required) Configuration block containing settings to include in security configuration. See [below](#security_configuration_data) for more details.

The following arguments are optional:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the EMR Containers Security Configuration. By default generated by Terraform.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags assigned to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### security_configuration_data

* `authorization_configuration` - (Required) Configuration block containing settings to include in security configuration. See [below](#authorization_configuration) for more details.

### authorization_configuration

* `lake_formation_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block containing settings to enable fine-grained access control using Lake Formation. See [below](#lake_formation_configuration) for more details.
* `encryption_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block containing settings to enable encryption. See [below](#encryption_configuration) for more details.

### lake_formation_configuration

* `authorized_session_tag_value` - (Required) The session tag to authorize Amazon EMR on EKS for API calls to AWS Lake Formation.
* `query_engine_role_arn` - (Required) The query engine IAM role ARN that is tied to the secure Spark job.
* `secure_namespace_info` - (Required) The namespace input of the system job. See [below](#secure_namespace_info) for more details.

### secure_namespace_info

* `cluster_id` - (Required) The ID of the Amazon EKS cluster where Amazon EMR on EKS jobs run.
* `namespace` - (Required) The namespace of the Amazon EKS cluster where the system jobs run.

### encryption_configuration

* `in_transit_encryption_configuration` - (Required) Configuration block containing settings to enable encryption in transit. See [below](#in_transit_encryption_configuration) for more details.

### in_transit_encryption_configuration

* `tls_certificate_configuration` - (Required) Configuration block containing TLS certificate-related configuration input. See [below](#tls_certificate_configuration) for more details.

### tls_certificate_configuration

* `certificate_provider_type` - (Required) The TLS certificate type.
* `private_certificate_secret_arn` - (Required) Secrets Manager ARN that contains the private TLS certificate contents.
* `public_certificate_secret_arn` - (Required) Secrets Manager ARN that contains the public TLS certificate contents.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the Security Configuration.
* `id` - Id of the Security Configuration.
* `name` - Name of the Security Configuration.
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import EMR Containers Security Configuration using the `id`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_emrcontainers_security_configuration.foo
  id = "67rldwtr8jpi1"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import EMR Containers Security Configuration using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_emrcontainers_security_configuration.foo 67rldwtr8jpi1
```
