---
subcategory: "Elemental MediaTailor"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: media_tailor_playback_configuration"
description: |-
    Manages a MediaTailor Playback Configuration
---

# Resource: aws_media_tailor_playback_configuration

Provides an Elemental MediaTailor Playback Configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awsmt_playback_configuration" "example" {
  ad_decision_server_url  = "https://exampleurl.com/ad-decision-server"
  avail_suppression_mode  = "BEHIND_LIVE_EDGE"
  avail_suppression_value = "00:10:00"
  bumper {
    end_url   = "https://exampleurl.com/bumper/end"
    start_url = "https://exampleurl.com/bumper/start"
  }
  cdn_configuration {
    ad_segment_url_prefix      = "example"
    content_segment_url_prefix = "example"
  }
  dash_mpd_location         = "EMT_DEFAULT"
  dash_origin_manifest_type = "SINGLE_PERIOD"
  hls_configuration {
    manifest_endpoint_prefix = "example"
  }
  live_pre_roll_configuration {
    ad_decision_server_url = "https://exampleurl.com/ad-decision-server"
    max_duration_seconds   = 60
  }
  manifest_processing_rules {
    ad_marker_passthrough {
      enabled = "false"
    }
  }
  name                              = "example-playback-configuration"
  personalization_threshold_seconds = 60
  slate_ad_url                      = "https://exampleurl.com/"
  transcode_profile_name            = "example"
  video_content_source_url          = "https://exampleurl.com/"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `ad_decision_server_url` - (Required) The URL for the ad decision server (ADS).
* `name` - (Required) The name of the playback configuration.
* `video_content_source_url` - (Required) The URL prefix for the parent manifest for the stream, minus the asset ID.
* `avail_suppression_mode` - (Optional) Sets the ad suppression mode. Can either be "OFF" or "BEHIND_LIVE_EDGE".
* `avail_suppression_value` - (Optional) Time value in HH:MM:SS format after which MediaTailor will not fill any ad breaks.
* `bumper` - (Optional) -  The configuration for bumpers. Detailed below.
* `cdn_configuration`- (Optional) The configuration for using a content delivery network (CDN) for content and ad segment management. Detailed below.
* `dash_mpd_location` - (Optional) Controls whether MediaTailor includes the Location tag in Dash manifest files. Can either be "DISABLED" or "EMT_DEFAULT.
* `dash_origin_manifest_type` - (Optional) Controls whether MediaTailor handles manifest files as single-period or multi-period manifest files. Can either be "SINGLE_PERIOD" or "MULTI_PERIOD".
* `hls_configuration` - (Optional) The configuration for HLS content. Detailed below.
* `live_pre_roll_configuration` - (Optional) The configuration for pre-roll ad insertion. Detailed below.
* `manifest_processing_rules` - (Optional) The configuration for manifest processing rules. Detailed below.
* `personalization_threshold_seconds` - (Optional) Defines the maximum duration of underfilled ad time (in seconds) allowed in an ad break.

### `bumper`

* `end_url` - The URL for the end bumper asset.
* `start_url` - The URL for the start bumper asset.

### `cdn_configuration`

* `ad_segment_url_prefix` - A non-default CDN to serve ads segments.
* `content_segment_url_prefix` - A CDN to cache content segments.

### `hls_configuration`

* `manifest_endpoint_prefix` - URL generated by MediaTailor to initiate a playback session on devices that support Apple HLS.

### `live_pre_roll_configuration`

* `ad_decision_server_url` - The URL for the ad decision server (ADS) for pre-roll ads.
* `max_duration_seconds` -  The maximum allowed duration for the pre-roll ad avail.

### `manifest_processing_rules`
#### `ad_marker_passthrough`

* `enabled` - Enables ad marker passthrough for your configuration.

## Attributes Reference

* `dash_manifest_endpoint_prefix` - URL generated by MediaTailor to initiate a playback session.
* `log_configuration` - The Amazon CloudWatch log settings for a playback configuration. Detailed below.
* `playback_configuration_arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the playback configuration.
* `playback_endpoint_prefix` - The URL that the player accesses to get a manifest from AWS Elemental MediaTailor.
* `session_initialization_endpoint_prefix` - The URL that the player uses to initialize a session that uses client-side reporting.
* `transcode_profile_name` - The name that is used to associate this playback configuration with a custom transcode profile.

### `log_configuration`

* `percent_enabled` - The percentage of session logs that MediaTailor sends to your Cloudwatch Logs account.

## Import

Playback Configurations can be imported using their ARN as identifier. For example:

```
  $ terraform import aws_media_tailor_playback_configuration.example arn:aws:mediatailor:us-east-1:000000000000:playbackConfiguration/example
```
