---
subcategory: "End User Messaging"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_pinpoint_app"
description: |-
  Provides an End User Messaging App resource.
---

# Resource: aws_pinpoint_app

Provides an End User Messaging App resource.

~> **NOTE:** The `campaign_hook`, `limits`, and `quiet_time` attributes are deprecated. AWS End User Messaging engagement features, including the Settings API that backs these attributes, are being discontinued on October 30, 2026. See the [AWS End User Messaging migration guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/latest/userguide/migrate.html) for details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_pinpoint_app" "example" {
  name = "test-app"

  limits {
    maximum_duration = 600
  }

  quiet_time {
    start = "00:00"
    end   = "06:00"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `campaign_hook` - (Optional, **Deprecated**) Settings for invoking an AWS Lambda function that customizes a segment for a campaign. [See below](#campaign_hook).
* `limits` - (Optional, **Deprecated**) Default campaign limits for the app. These limits apply to each campaign for the app, unless the campaign overrides the default with limits of its own. [See below](#limits).
* `name` - (Optional) Application name. By default generated by Terraform.
* `name_prefix` - (Optional) Name of the End User Messaging application. Conflicts with `name`.
* `quiet_time` - (Optional, **Deprecated**) Default quiet time for the app. Each campaign for this app sends no messages during this time unless the campaign overrides the default with a quiet time of its own. [See below](#quiet_time).
* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `campaign_hook` Block

* `lambda_function_name` - (Optional) Lambda function name or ARN to be called for delivery. Conflicts with `web_url`.
* `mode` - (Optional) What mode Lambda should be invoked in. Valid values for this parameter are `DELIVERY`, `FILTER`.
* `web_url` - (Optional) Web URL to call for hook. If the URL has authentication specified it will be added as authentication to the request. Conflicts with `lambda_function_name`.

### `limits` Block

* `daily` - (Optional) Maximum number of messages that the campaign can send daily.
* `maximum_duration` - (Optional) Length of time (in seconds) that the campaign can run before it ends and message deliveries stop. This duration begins at the scheduled start time for the campaign. Minimum value is 60.
* `messages_per_second` - (Optional) Number of messages that the campaign can send per second. Minimum value is 50, and the maximum is 20000.
* `total` - (Optional) Maximum total number of messages that the campaign can send.

### `quiet_time` Block

* `end` - (Optional) Default end time for quiet time in ISO 8601 format. Required if `start` is set.
* `start` - (Optional) Default start time for quiet time in ISO 8601 format. Required if `end` is set.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `application_id` - Application ID of the End User Messaging App.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the PinPoint Application.
* `campaign_hook[0].lambda_function_name` - Lambda function name or ARN to be called for delivery.
* `campaign_hook[0].mode` - What mode Lambda should be invoked in.
* `campaign_hook[0].web_url` - Web URL to call for hook.
* `limits[0].daily` - Maximum number of messages that the campaign can send daily.
* `limits[0].maximum_duration` - Length of time (in seconds) that the campaign can run before it ends and message deliveries stop.
* `limits[0].messages_per_second` - Number of messages that the campaign can send per second.
* `limits[0].total` - Maximum total number of messages that the campaign can send.
* `quiet_time[0].end` - Default end time for quiet time in ISO 8601 format.
* `quiet_time[0].start` - Default start time for quiet time in ISO 8601 format.
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import End User Messaging App using the `application-id`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_pinpoint_app.name
  id = "application-id"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import End User Messaging App using the `application-id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_pinpoint_app.name application-id
```
