---
subcategory: "QLDB (Quantum Ledger Database)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_qldb_ledger"
description: |-
  Provides an QLDB Resource resource.
---

# Resource: aws_qldb_ledger

Provides an AWS Quantum Ledger Database (QLDB) resource

~> **NOTE:** Deletion protection is enabled by default. To successfully delete this resource via Terraform, `deletion_protection = false` must be applied before attempting deletion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_qldb_ledger" "sample-ledger" {
  name             = "sample-ledger"
  permissions_mode = "STANDARD"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `deletion_protection` - (Optional) The deletion protection for the QLDB Ledger instance. By default it is `true`. To delete this resource via Terraform, this value must be configured to `false` and applied first before attempting deletion.
* `kms_key` - (Optional) The key in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to use for encryption of data at rest in the ledger. For more information, see the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/qldb/latest/developerguide/encryption-at-rest.html). Valid values are `"AWS_OWNED_KMS_KEY"` to use an AWS KMS key that is owned and managed by AWS on your behalf, or the ARN of a valid symmetric customer managed KMS key.
* `name` - (Optional) The friendly name for the QLDB Ledger instance. By default generated by Terraform.
* `permissions_mode` - (Required) The permissions mode for the QLDB ledger instance. Specify either `ALLOW_ALL` or `STANDARD`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Name of the QLDB Ledger
* `arn` - The ARN of the QLDB Ledger
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

QLDB Ledgers can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_qldb_ledger.sample-ledger sample-ledger
```
