---
subcategory: "Signer"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_signer_signing_job"
description: |-
  Creates a Signer Signing Job.
---

# Resource: aws_signer_signing_job

Creates a Signer Signing Job.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "aws_signer_signing_profile" "test_sp" {
  platform_id = "AWSLambda-SHA384-ECDSA"
}

resource "aws_signer_signing_job" "build_signing_job" {
  profile_name = aws_signer_signing_profile.test_sp.name

  source {
    s3 {
      bucket  = "s3-bucket-name"
      key     = "object-to-be-signed.zip"
      version = "jADjFYYYEXAMPLETszPjOmCMFDzd9dN1"
    }
  }

  destination {
    s3 {
      bucket = "s3-bucket-name"
      prefix = "signed/"
    }
  }

  ignore_signing_job_failure = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `profile_name` - (Required) The name of the profile to initiate the signing operation.
* `source` - (Required) The S3 bucket that contains the object to sign. See [Source](#source) below for details.
* `destination` - (Required) The S3 bucket in which to save your signed object. See [Destination](#destination) below for details.
* `ignore_signing_job_failure` - (Optional) Set this argument to `true` to ignore signing job failures and retrieve failed status and reason. Default `false`.

### Source

The source configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `s3` - (Required) A configuration block describing the S3 Source object: See [S3 Source](#s3-source) below for details.

### S3 Source

The configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `bucket` - (Required) Name of the S3 bucket.
* `key` - (Required) Key name of the bucket object that contains your unsigned code.
* `version` - (Required) Version of your source image in your version enabled S3 bucket.

### Destination

The destination configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `s3` - (Required) A configuration block describing the S3 Destination object: See [S3 Destination](#s3-destination) below for details.

### S3 Destination

The configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `bucket` - (Required) Name of the S3 bucket.
* `prefix` - (Optional) An Amazon S3 object key prefix that you can use to limit signed objects keys to begin with the specified prefix.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `completed_at` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was completed.
* `created_at` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was created.
* `job_id` - The ID of the signing job on output.
* `job_invoker` - The IAM entity that initiated the signing job.
* `job_owner` - The AWS account ID of the job owner.
* `platform_display_name` - A human-readable name for the signing platform associated with the signing job.
* `platform_id` - The platform to which your signed code image will be distributed.
* `profile_version` - The version of the signing profile used to initiate the signing job.
* `requested_by` - The IAM principal that requested the signing job.
* `revocation_record` - A revocation record if the signature generated by the signing job has been revoked. Contains a timestamp and the ID of the IAM entity that revoked the signature.
* `signature_expires_at` - The time when the signature of a signing job expires.
* `signed_object` - Name of the S3 bucket where the signed code image is saved by code signing.
* `status` - Status of the signing job.
* `status_reason` - String value that contains the status reason.

## Import

Signer signing jobs can be imported using the `job_id`, e.g.

```
$ terraform import aws_signer_signing_job.test_signer_signing_job 9ed7e5c3-b8d4-4da0-8459-44e0b068f7ee
```
