---
subcategory: "Signer"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_signer_signing_profile"
description: |-
  Creates a Signer Signing Profile.
---

# Resource: aws_signer_signing_profile

Creates a Signer Signing Profile. A signing profile contains information about the code signing configuration parameters that can be used by a given code signing user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_signer_signing_profile" "test_sp" {
  platform_id = "AWSLambda-SHA384-ECDSA"
}

resource "aws_signer_signing_profile" "prod_sp" {
  platform_id = "AWSLambda-SHA384-ECDSA"
  name_prefix = "prod_sp_"

  signature_validity_period {
    value = 5
    type  = "YEARS"
  }

  tags = {
    tag1 = "value1"
    tag2 = "value2"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `platform_id` - (Required, Forces new resource) The ID of the platform that is used by the target signing profile.
* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) A unique signing profile name. By default generated by Terraform. Signing profile names are immutable and cannot be reused after canceled.
* `name_prefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) A signing profile name prefix. Terraform will generate a unique suffix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `signature_validity_period` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The validity period for a signing job. See [`signature_validity_period` Block](#signature_validity_period-block) below for details.
* `signing_material` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The AWS Certificate Manager certificate that will be used to sign code with the new signing profile. See [`signing_material` Block](#signing_material-block) below for details.
* `tags` - (Optional) A list of tags associated with the signing profile. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `signature_validity_period` Block

The `signature_validity_period` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `type` - (Required, Forces new resource) The time unit for signature validity. Valid values: `DAYS`, `MONTHS`, `YEARS`.
* `value` - (Required, Forces new resource) The numerical value of the time unit for signature validity.

### `signing_material` Block

The `signing_material` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `certificate_arn` - (Required, Forces new resource) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the certificates that is used to sign your code.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the signing profile.
* `name` - The name of the target signing profile.
* `platform_display_name` - A human-readable name for the signing platform associated with the signing profile.
* `revocation_record` - Revocation information for a signing profile. See [`revocation_record` Block](#revocation_record-block) below for details.
* `status` - The status of the target signing profile.
* `version` - The current version of the signing profile.
* `version_arn` - The signing profile ARN, including the profile version.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

### `revocation_record` Block

The `revocation_record` configuration block supports the following attributes:

* `revocation_effective_from` - The time when revocation becomes effective.
* `revoked_at` - The time when the signing profile was revoked.
* `revoked_by` - The identity of the revoker.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Signer signing profiles using the `name`. For example:

```terraform
import {
  to = aws_signer_signing_profile.test_signer_signing_profile
  id = "test_sp_DdW3Mk1foYL88fajut4mTVFGpuwfd4ACO6ANL0D1uIj7lrn8adK"
}
```

Using `terraform import`, import Signer signing profiles using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_signer_signing_profile.test_signer_signing_profile test_sp_DdW3Mk1foYL88fajut4mTVFGpuwfd4ACO6ANL0D1uIj7lrn8adK
```
