---
subcategory: "EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ami"
description: |-
  Creates and manages a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI).
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_ami

The AMI resource allows the creation and management of a completely-custom
*Amazon Machine Image* (AMI).

If you just want to duplicate an existing AMI, possibly copying it to another
region, it's better to use `aws_ami_copy` instead.

If you just want to share an existing AMI with another AWS account,
it's better to use `aws_ami_launch_permission` instead.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.ami import Ami
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        Ami(self, "example",
            ebs_block_device=[AmiEbsBlockDevice(
                device_name="/dev/xvda",
                snapshot_id="snap-xxxxxxxx",
                volume_size=8
            )
            ],
            imds_support="v2.0",
            name="terraform-example",
            root_device_name="/dev/xvda",
            virtualization_type="hvm"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Region-unique name for the AMI.
* `boot_mode` - (Optional) Boot mode of the AMI. For more information, see [Boot modes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ami-boot.html) in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.
* `deprecation_time` - (Optional) Date and time to deprecate the AMI. If you specified a value for seconds, Amazon EC2 rounds the seconds to the nearest minute. Valid values: [RFC3339 time string](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) (`YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`)
* `description` - (Optional) Longer, human-readable description for the AMI.
* `ena_support` - (Optional) Whether enhanced networking with ENA is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
* `root_device_name` - (Optional) Name of the root device (for example, `/dev/sda1`, or `/dev/xvda`).
* `virtualization_type` - (Optional) Keyword to choose what virtualization mode created instances
  will use. Can be either "paravirtual" (the default) or "hvm". The choice of virtualization type
  changes the set of further arguments that are required, as described below.
* `architecture` - (Optional) Machine architecture for created instances. Defaults to "x86_64".
* `ebs_block_device` - (Optional) Nested block describing an EBS block device that should be
  attached to created instances. The structure of this block is described below.
* `ephemeral_block_device` - (Optional) Nested block describing an ephemeral block device that
  should be attached to created instances. The structure of this block is described below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `tpm_support` - (Optional) If the image is configured for NitroTPM support, the value is `v2.0`. For more information, see [NitroTPM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/nitrotpm.html) in the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.
* `imds_support` - (Optional) If EC2 instances started from this image should require the use of the Instance Metadata Service V2 (IMDSv2), set this argument to `v2.0`. For more information, see [Configure instance metadata options for new instances](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configuring-IMDS-new-instances.html#configure-IMDS-new-instances-ami-configuration).

When `virtualization_type` is "paravirtual" the following additional arguments apply:

* `image_location` - (Required) Path to an S3 object containing an image manifest, e.g., created
  by the `ec2-upload-bundle` command in the EC2 command line tools.
* `kernel_id` - (Required) ID of the kernel image (AKI) that will be used as the paravirtual
  kernel in created instances.
* `ramdisk_id` - (Optional) ID of an initrd image (ARI) that will be used when booting the
  created instances.

When `virtualization_type` is "hvm" the following additional arguments apply:

* `sriov_net_support` - (Optional) When set to "simple" (the default), enables enhanced networking
  for created instances. No other value is supported at this time.

Nested `ebs_block_device` blocks have the following structure:

* `device_name` - (Required) Path at which the device is exposed to created instances.
* `delete_on_termination` - (Optional) Boolean controlling whether the EBS volumes created to
  support each created instance will be deleted once that instance is terminated.
* `encrypted` - (Optional) Boolean controlling whether the created EBS volumes will be encrypted. Can't be used with `snapshot_id`.
* `iops` - (Required only when `volume_type` is `io1` or `io2`) Number of I/O operations per second the
  created volumes will support.
* `snapshot_id` - (Optional) ID of an EBS snapshot that will be used to initialize the created
  EBS volumes. If set, the `volume_size` attribute must be at least as large as the referenced
  snapshot.
* `throughput` - (Optional) Throughput that the EBS volume supports, in MiB/s. Only valid for `volume_type` of `gp3`.
* `volume_size` - (Required unless `snapshot_id` is set) Size of created volumes in GiB.
  If `snapshot_id` is set and `volume_size` is omitted then the volume will have the same size
  as the selected snapshot.
* `volume_type` - (Optional) Type of EBS volume to create. Can be `standard`, `gp2`, `gp3`, `io1`, `io2`, `sc1` or `st1` (Default: `standard`).
* `outpost_arn` - (Optional) ARN of the Outpost on which the snapshot is stored.

~> **Note:** You can specify `encrypted` or `snapshot_id` but not both.

Nested `ephemeral_block_device` blocks have the following structure:

* `device_name` - (Required) Path at which the device is exposed to created instances.
* `virtual_name` - (Required) Name for the ephemeral device, of the form "ephemeralN" where
  *N* is a volume number starting from zero.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the AMI.
* `id` - ID of the created AMI.
* `owner_id` - AWS account ID of the image owner.
* `root_snapshot_id` - Snapshot ID for the root volume (for EBS-backed AMIs)
* `usage_operation` - Operation of the Amazon EC2 instance and the billing code that is associated with the AMI.
* `platform_details` - Platform details associated with the billing code of the AMI.
* `image_owner_alias` - AWS account alias (for example, amazon, self) or the AWS account ID of the AMI owner.
* `image_type` - Type of image.
* `hypervisor` - Hypervisor type of the image.
* `platform` - This value is set to windows for Windows AMIs; otherwise, it is blank.
* `public` - Whether the image has public launch permissions.
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `40m`)
* `update` - (Default `40m`)
* `delete` - (Default `90m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_ami` using the ID of the AMI. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_ami` using the ID of the AMI. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_ami.example ami-12345678
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-07ad6907bcdf710f44e4490525952f2744e1fd913c106b86670941ed753bd143 -->