---
subcategory: "API Gateway V2"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_apigatewayv2_stage"
description: |-
  Manages an Amazon API Gateway Version 2 stage.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_apigatewayv2_stage

Manages an Amazon API Gateway Version 2 stage.
More information can be found in the [Amazon API Gateway Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-websocket-api.html).

## Example Usage

### Basic

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.apigatewayv2_stage import Apigatewayv2Stage
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        Apigatewayv2Stage(self, "example",
            api_id=Token.as_string(aws_apigatewayv2_api_example.id),
            name="example-stage"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `api_id` - (Required) API identifier.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the stage. Must be between 1 and 128 characters in length.

The following arguments are optional:

* `access_log_settings` - (Optional) Settings for logging access in this stage.
Use the [`aws_api_gateway_account`](/docs/providers/aws/r/api_gateway_account.html) resource to configure [permissions for CloudWatch Logging](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-logging.html#set-up-access-logging-permissions).
* `auto_deploy` - (Optional) Whether updates to an API automatically trigger a new deployment. Defaults to `false`. Applicable for HTTP APIs.
* `client_certificate_id` - (Optional) Identifier of a client certificate for the stage. Use the [`aws_api_gateway_client_certificate`](/docs/providers/aws/r/api_gateway_client_certificate.html) resource to configure a client certificate.
Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
* `default_route_settings` - (Optional) Default route settings for the stage.
* `deployment_id` - (Optional) Deployment identifier of the stage. Use the [`aws_apigatewayv2_deployment`](/docs/providers/aws/r/apigatewayv2_deployment.html) resource to configure a deployment.
* `description` - (Optional) Description for the stage. Must be less than or equal to 1024 characters in length.
* `route_settings` - (Optional) Route settings for the stage.
* `stage_variables` - (Optional) Map that defines the stage variables for the stage.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the stage. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### access_log_settings

* `destination_arn` - (Required) ARN of the CloudWatch Logs log group to receive access logs. Any trailing `:*` is trimmed from the ARN.
* `format` - (Required) Single line [format](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-logging.html#apigateway-cloudwatch-log-formats) of the access logs of data. Refer to log settings for [HTTP](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-logging-variables.html) or [Websocket](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/websocket-api-logging.html).

### default_route_settings

* `data_trace_enabled` - (Optional) Whether data trace logging is enabled for the default route. Affects the log entries pushed to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
Defaults to `false`. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
* `detailed_metrics_enabled` - (Optional) Whether detailed metrics are enabled for the default route. Defaults to `false`.
* `logging_level` - (Optional) Logging level for the default route. Affects the log entries pushed to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
Valid values: `ERROR`, `INFO`, `OFF`. Defaults to `OFF`. Supported only for WebSocket APIs. Terraform will only perform drift detection of its value when present in a configuration.
* `throttling_burst_limit` - (Optional) Throttling burst limit for the default route.
* `throttling_rate_limit` - (Optional) Throttling rate limit for the default route.

### route_settings

* `route_key` - (Required) Route key.
* `data_trace_enabled` - (Optional) Whether data trace logging is enabled for the route. Affects the log entries pushed to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
Defaults to `false`. Supported only for WebSocket APIs.
* `detailed_metrics_enabled` - (Optional) Whether detailed metrics are enabled for the route. Defaults to `false`.
* `logging_level` - (Optional) Logging level for the route. Affects the log entries pushed to Amazon CloudWatch Logs.
Valid values: `ERROR`, `INFO`, `OFF`. Defaults to `OFF`. Supported only for WebSocket APIs. Terraform will only perform drift detection of its value when present in a configuration.
* `throttling_burst_limit` - (Optional) Throttling burst limit for the route.
* `throttling_rate_limit` - (Optional) Throttling rate limit for the route.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Stage identifier.
* `arn` - ARN of the stage.
* `execution_arn` - ARN prefix to be used in an [`aws_lambda_permission`](/docs/providers/aws/r/lambda_permission.html)'s `source_arn` attribute.
For WebSocket APIs this attribute can additionally be used in an [`aws_iam_policy`](/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_policy.html) to authorize access to the [`@connections` API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-how-to-call-websocket-api-connections.html).
See the [Amazon API Gateway Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-websocket-control-access-iam.html) for details.
* `invoke_url` - URL to invoke the API pointing to the stage,
  e.g., `wss://z4675bid1j.execute-api.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/example-stage`, or `https://z4675bid1j.execute-api.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/`
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_apigatewayv2_stage` using the API identifier and stage name. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_apigatewayv2_stage` using the API identifier and stage name. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_apigatewayv2_stage.example aabbccddee/example-stage
```

-> **Note:** The API Gateway managed stage created as part of [_quick_create_](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-basic-concept.html#apigateway-definition-quick-create) cannot be imported.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-c7cc2d4235ed06a055a36c6327f99044a8a10f0f104b25ba18451743f15b5497 -->