---
subcategory: "App Mesh"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_appmesh_gateway_route"
description: |-
  Provides an AWS App Mesh gateway route resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_appmesh_gateway_route

Provides an AWS App Mesh gateway route resource.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.appmesh_gateway_route import AppmeshGatewayRoute
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        AppmeshGatewayRoute(self, "example",
            mesh_name="example-service-mesh",
            name="example-gateway-route",
            spec=AppmeshGatewayRouteSpec(
                http_route=AppmeshGatewayRouteSpecHttpRoute(
                    action=AppmeshGatewayRouteSpecHttpRouteAction(
                        target=AppmeshGatewayRouteSpecHttpRouteActionTarget(
                            virtual_service=AppmeshGatewayRouteSpecHttpRouteActionTargetVirtualService(
                                virtual_service_name=Token.as_string(aws_appmesh_virtual_service_example.name)
                            )
                        )
                    ),
                    match=AppmeshGatewayRouteSpecHttpRouteMatch(
                        prefix="/"
                    )
                )
            ),
            tags={
                "Environment": "test"
            },
            virtual_gateway_name=Token.as_string(aws_appmesh_virtual_gateway_example.name)
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Name to use for the gateway route. Must be between 1 and 255 characters in length.
* `mesh_name` - (Required) Name of the service mesh in which to create the gateway route. Must be between 1 and 255 characters in length.
* `virtual_gateway_name` - (Required) Name of the [virtual gateway](/docs/providers/aws/r/appmesh_virtual_gateway.html) to associate the gateway route with. Must be between 1 and 255 characters in length.
* `mesh_owner` - (Optional) AWS account ID of the service mesh's owner. Defaults to the account ID the [AWS provider][1] is currently connected to.
* `spec` - (Required) Gateway route specification to apply.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

The `spec` object supports the following:

* `grpc_route` - (Optional) Specification of a gRPC gateway route.
* `http_route` - (Optional) Specification of an HTTP gateway route.
* `http2_route` - (Optional) Specification of an HTTP/2 gateway route.
* `priority` - (Optional) Priority for the gateway route, between `0` and `1000`.

The `grpc_route`, `http_route` and `http2_route` objects supports the following:

* `action` - (Required) Action to take if a match is determined.
* `match` - (Required) Criteria for determining a request match.

The `grpc_route`, `http_route` and `http2_route`'s `action` object supports the following:

* `target` - (Required) Target that traffic is routed to when a request matches the gateway route.

The `target` object supports the following:

* `port` - (Optional) The port number that corresponds to the target for Virtual Service provider port. This is required when the provider (router or node) of the Virtual Service has multiple listeners.
* `virtual_service` - (Required) Virtual service gateway route target.

The `virtual_service` object supports the following:

* `virtual_service_name` - (Required) Name of the virtual service that traffic is routed to. Must be between 1 and 255 characters in length.

The `http_route` and `http2_route`'s `action` object additionally supports the following:

* `rewrite` - (Optional) Gateway route action to rewrite.

The `rewrite` object supports the following:

* `hostname` - (Optional) Host name to rewrite.
* `path` - (Optional) Exact path to rewrite.
* `prefix` - (Optional) Specified beginning characters to rewrite.

The `hostname` object supports the following:

* `default_target_hostname` - (Required) Default target host name to write to. Valid values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

The `path` object supports the following:

* `exact` - (Required) Value used to replace matched path.

The `prefix` object supports the following:

* `default_prefix` - (Optional) Default prefix used to replace the incoming route prefix when rewritten. Valid values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.
* `value` - (Optional) Value used to replace the incoming route prefix when rewritten.

The `grpc_route`'s `match` object supports the following:

* `service_name` - (Required) Fully qualified domain name for the service to match from the request.
* `port` - (Optional) The port number to match from the request.

The `http_route` and `http2_route`'s `match` object supports the following:

* `header` - (Optional) Client request headers to match on.
* `hostname` - (Optional) Host name to match on.
* `path` - (Optional) Client request path to match on.
* `port` - (Optional) The port number to match from the request.
* `prefix` - (Optional) Path to match requests with. This parameter must always start with `/`, which by itself matches all requests to the virtual service name.
* `query_parameter` - (Optional) Client request query parameters to match on.

The `header` object supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name for the HTTP header in the client request that will be matched on.
* `invert` - (Optional) If `true`, the match is on the opposite of the `match` method and value. Default is `false`.
* `match` - (Optional) Method and value to match the header value sent with a request. Specify one match method.

The `header`'s `match` object supports the following:

* `exact` - (Optional) Header value sent by the client must match the specified value exactly.
* `prefix` - (Optional) Header value sent by the client must begin with the specified characters.
* `port`- (Optional) The port number to match from the request.
* `range`- (Optional) Object that specifies the range of numbers that the header value sent by the client must be included in.
* `regex` - (Optional) Header value sent by the client must include the specified characters.
* `suffix` - (Optional) Header value sent by the client must end with the specified characters.

The `range` object supports the following:

* `end` - (Required) End of the range.
* `start` - (Requited) Start of the range.

The `hostname` object supports the following:

* `exact` - (Optional) Exact host name to match on.
* `suffix` - (Optional) Specified ending characters of the host name to match on.

The `path` object supports the following:

* `exact` - (Optional) The exact path to match on.
* `regex` - (Optional) The regex used to match the path.

The `query_parameter` object supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) Name for the query parameter that will be matched on.
* `match` - (Optional) The query parameter to match on.

The `query_parameter`'s `match` object supports the following:

* `exact` - (Optional) The exact query parameter to match on.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - ID of the gateway route.
* `arn` - ARN of the gateway route.
* `created_date` - Creation date of the gateway route.
* `last_updated_date` - Last update date of the gateway route.
* `resource_owner` - Resource owner's AWS account ID.
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import App Mesh gateway routes using `mesh_name` and `virtual_gateway_name` together with the gateway route's `name`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import App Mesh gateway routes using `mesh_name` and `virtual_gateway_name` together with the gateway route's `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_appmesh_gateway_route.example mesh/gw1/example-gateway-route
```

[1]: /docs/providers/aws/index.html

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-c4b969b72d8a7fa97ad9813ee47129d1f3ecfc1dcc5979566a12522b5042594d -->