---
subcategory: "AppStream 2.0"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_appstream_image_builder"
description: |-
  Provides an AppStream image builder
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_appstream_image_builder

Provides an AppStream image builder.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.appstream_image_builder import AppstreamImageBuilder
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        AppstreamImageBuilder(self, "test_fleet",
            description="Description of a ImageBuilder",
            display_name="Display name of a ImageBuilder",
            enable_default_internet_access=False,
            image_name="AppStream-WinServer2019-10-05-2022",
            instance_type="stream.standard.large",
            name="Name",
            tags={
                "Name": "Example Image Builder"
            },
            vpc_config=AppstreamImageBuilderVpcConfig(
                subnet_ids=[example.id]
            )
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `instance_type` - (Required) Instance type to use when launching the image builder.
* `name` - (Required) Unique name for the image builder.

The following arguments are optional:

* `access_endpoint` - (Optional) Set of interface VPC endpoint (interface endpoint) objects. Maximum of 4. See below.
* `appstream_agent_version` - (Optional) Version of the AppStream 2.0 agent to use for this image builder.
* `description` - (Optional) Description to display.
* `display_name` - (Optional) Human-readable friendly name for the AppStream image builder.
* `domain_join_info` - (Optional) Configuration block for the name of the directory and organizational unit (OU) to use to join the image builder to a Microsoft Active Directory domain. See below.
* `enable_default_internet_access` - (Optional) Enables or disables default internet access for the image builder.
* `iam_role_arn` - (Optional) ARN of the IAM role to apply to the image builder.
* `image_arn` - (Optional, Required if `image_name` not provided) ARN of the public, private, or shared image to use.
* `image_name` - (Optional, Required if `image_arn` not provided) Name of the image used to create the image builder.
* `vpc_config` - (Optional) Configuration block for the VPC configuration for the image builder. See below.
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to the instance. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### `access_endpoint`

The `access_endpoint` block supports the following arguments:

* `endpoint_type` - (Required) Type of interface endpoint.
* `vpce_id` - (Optional) Identifier (ID) of the VPC in which the interface endpoint is used.

### `domain_join_info`

The `domain_join_info` block supports the following arguments:

* `directory_name` - (Optional) Fully qualified name of the directory (for example, corp.example.com).
* `organizational_unit_distinguished_name` - (Optional) Distinguished name of the organizational unit for computer accounts.

### `vpc_config`

The `vpc_config` block supports the following arguments:

* `security_group_ids` - (Optional) Identifiers of the security groups for the image builder or image builder.
* `subnet_ids` - (Optional) Identifier of the subnet to which a network interface is attached from the image builder instance.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the appstream image builder.
* `created_time` -  Date and time, in UTC and extended RFC 3339 format, when the image builder was created.
* `id` - Name of the image builder.
* `state` - State of the image builder. Can be: `PENDING`, `UPDATING_AGENT`, `RUNNING`, `STOPPING`, `STOPPED`, `REBOOTING`, `SNAPSHOTTING`, `DELETING`, `FAILED`, `UPDATING`, `PENDING_QUALIFICATION`
* `tags_all` - Map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_appstream_image_builder` using the `name`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_appstream_image_builder` using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_appstream_image_builder.example imageBuilderExample
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-e224096195102b3c0af9044d63f0d830019264e7ca702c4ea0f8e3d678b94b3a -->