---
subcategory: "Audit Manager"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_auditmanager_control"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Control.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_auditmanager_control

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Audit Manager Control.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.auditmanager_control import AuditmanagerControl
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        AuditmanagerControl(self, "example",
            control_mapping_sources=[AuditmanagerControlControlMappingSources(
                source_name="example",
                source_set_up_option="Procedural_Controls_Mapping",
                source_type="MANUAL"
            )
            ],
            name="example"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the control.
* `control_mapping_sources` - (Required) Data mapping sources. See [`control_mapping_sources`](#control_mapping_sources) below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `action_plan_instructions` - (Optional) Recommended actions to carry out if the control isn't fulfilled.
* `action_plan_title` - (Optional) Title of the action plan for remediating the control.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the control.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the control. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `testing_information` - (Optional) Steps to follow to determine if the control is satisfied.

### control_mapping_sources

The following arguments are required:

* `source_name` - (Required) Name of the source.
* `source_set_up_option` - (Required) The setup option for the data source. This option reflects if the evidence collection is automated or manual. Valid values are `System_Controls_Mapping` (automated) and `Procedural_Controls_Mapping` (manual).
* `source_type` - (Required) Type of data source for evidence collection. If `source_set_up_option` is manual, the only valid value is `MANUAL`. If `source_set_up_option` is automated, valid values are `AWS_Cloudtrail`, `AWS_Config`, `AWS_Security_Hub`, or `AWS_API_Call`.

The following arguments are optional:

* `source_description` - (Optional) Description of the source.
* `source_frequency` - (Optional) Frequency of evidence collection. Valid values are `DAILY`, `WEEKLY`, or `MONTHLY`.
* `source_keyword` - (Optional) The keyword to search for in CloudTrail logs, Config rules, Security Hub checks, and Amazon Web Services API names. See [`source_keyword`](#source_keyword) below.
* `troubleshooting_text` - (Optional) Instructions for troubleshooting the control.

### source_keyword

The following arguments are required:

* `keyword_input_type` - (Required) Input method for the keyword. Valid values are `SELECT_FROM_LIST`.
* `keyword_value` - (Required) The value of the keyword that's used when mapping a control data source. For example, this can be a CloudTrail event name, a rule name for Config, a Security Hub control, or the name of an Amazon Web Services API call. See the [Audit Manager supported control data sources documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/control-data-sources.html) for more information.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the control.
* `control_mapping_sources.*.source_id` - Unique identifier for the source.
* `id` - Unique identifier for the control.
* `type` - Type of control, such as a custom control or a standard control.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import an Audit Manager Control using the `id`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import an Audit Manager Control using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_auditmanager_control.example abc123-de45
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-b868688bbd20f6d5af9ab3798d86ae2370658daf4faa22e5cee0ffe9436e3cc0 -->