---
subcategory: "CloudSearch"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudsearch_domain"
description: |-
  Provides an CloudSearch domain resource. 
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_cloudsearch_domain

Provides an CloudSearch domain resource.

Terraform waits for the domain to become `Active` when applying a configuration.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.cloudsearch_domain import CloudsearchDomain
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        CloudsearchDomain(self, "example",
            index_field=[CloudsearchDomainIndexField(
                analysis_scheme="_en_default_",
                highlight=False,
                name="headline",
                return=True,
                search=True,
                sort=True,
                type="text"
            ), CloudsearchDomainIndexField(
                facet=True,
                name="price",
                return=True,
                search=True,
                sort=True,
                source_fields="headline",
                type="double"
            )
            ],
            name="example-domain",
            scaling_parameters=CloudsearchDomainScalingParameters(
                desired_instance_type="search.medium"
            )
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `endpoint_options` - (Optional) Domain endpoint options. Documented below.
* `index_field` - (Optional) The index fields for documents added to the domain. Documented below.
* `multi_az` - (Optional) Whether or not to maintain extra instances for the domain in a second Availability Zone to ensure high availability.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the CloudSearch domain.
* `scaling_parameters` - (Optional) Domain scaling parameters. Documented below.

### endpoint_options

This configuration block supports the following attributes:

* `enforce_https` - (Optional) Enables or disables the requirement that all requests to the domain arrive over HTTPS.
* `tls_security_policy` - (Optional) The minimum required TLS version. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudsearch/latest/developerguide/API_DomainEndpointOptions.html) for valid values.

### scaling_parameters

This configuration block supports the following attributes:

* `desired_instance_type` - (Optional) The instance type that you want to preconfigure for your domain. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloudsearch/latest/developerguide/API_ScalingParameters.html) for valid values.
* `desired_partition_count` - (Optional) The number of partitions you want to preconfigure for your domain. Only valid when you select `search.2xlarge` as the instance type.
* `desired_replication_count` - (Optional) The number of replicas you want to preconfigure for each index partition.

### index_field

This configuration block supports the following attributes:

* `name` - (Required) A unique name for the field. Field names must begin with a letter and be at least 3 and no more than 64 characters long. The allowed characters are: `a`-`z` (lower-case letters), `0`-`9`, and `_` (underscore). The name `score` is reserved and cannot be used as a field name.
* `type` - (Required) The field type. Valid values: `date`, `date-array`, `double`, `double-array`, `int`, `int-array`, `literal`, `literal-array`, `text`, `text-array`.
* `analysis_scheme` - (Optional) The analysis scheme you want to use for a `text` field. The analysis scheme specifies the language-specific text processing options that are used during indexing.
* `default_value` - (Optional) The default value for the field. This value is used when no value is specified for the field in the document data.
* `facet` - (Optional) You can get facet information by enabling this.
* `highlight` - (Optional) You can highlight information.
* `return` - (Optional) You can enable returning the value of all searchable fields.
* `search` - (Optional) You can set whether this index should be searchable or not.
* `sort` - (Optional) You can enable the property to be sortable.
* `source_fields` - (Optional) A comma-separated list of source fields to map to the field. Specifying a source field copies data from one field to another, enabling you to use the same source data in different ways by configuring different options for the fields.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The domain's ARN.
* `document_service_endpoint` - The service endpoint for updating documents in a search domain.
* `domain_id` - An internally generated unique identifier for the domain.
* `search_service_endpoint` - The service endpoint for requesting search results from a search domain.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `30m`)
* `update` - (Default `30m`)
* `delete` - (Default `20m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import CloudSearch Domains using the `name`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.cloudsearch_domain import CloudsearchDomain
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        CloudsearchDomain.generate_config_for_import(self, "example", "example-domain")
```

Using `terraform import`, import CloudSearch Domains using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_cloudsearch_domain.example example-domain
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-df7fa25a0a776188ea2cf1cb4023457fb311e8f2073fe09ae64b76245200a9e4 -->