---
subcategory: "CodePipeline"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_codepipeline_custom_action_type"
description: |-
  Provides a CodePipeline CustomActionType.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_codepipeline_custom_action_type

Provides a CodeDeploy CustomActionType

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.codepipeline_custom_action_type import CodepipelineCustomActionType
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        CodepipelineCustomActionType(self, "example",
            category="Build",
            input_artifact_details=CodepipelineCustomActionTypeInputArtifactDetails(
                maximum_count=1,
                minimum_count=0
            ),
            output_artifact_details=CodepipelineCustomActionTypeOutputArtifactDetails(
                maximum_count=1,
                minimum_count=0
            ),
            provider_name="example",
            version="1"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `category` - (Required) The category of the custom action. Valid values: `Source`, `Build`, `Deploy`, `Test`, `Invoke`, `Approval`
* `configuration_property` - (Optional) The configuration properties for the custom action. Max 10 items.

The `configuration_property` object supports the following:

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the action configuration property.
* `key` - (Required) Whether the configuration property is a key.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the action configuration property.
* `queryable` - (Optional) Indicates that the property will be used in conjunction with PollForJobs.
* `required` - (Required) Whether the configuration property is a required value.
* `secret`- (Required) Whether the configuration property is secret.
* `type`- (Optional) The type of the configuration property. Valid values: `String`, `Number`, `Boolean`

* `input_artifact_details` - (Required) The details of the input artifact for the action.

The `input_artifact_details` object supports the following:

* `maximum_count` - (Required) The maximum number of artifacts allowed for the action type. Min: 0, Max: 5
* `minimum_count` - (Required) The minimum number of artifacts allowed for the action type. Min: 0, Max: 5

* `output_artifact_details` - (Required) The details of the output artifact of the action.

The `output_artifact_details` object supports the following:

* `maximum_count` - (Required) The maximum number of artifacts allowed for the action type. Min: 0, Max: 5
* `minimum_count` - (Required) The minimum number of artifacts allowed for the action type. Min: 0, Max: 5

* `provider_name` - (Required) The provider of the service used in the custom action
* `settings` - (Optional) The settings for an action type.

The `settings` object supports the following:

* `entity_url_template` - (Optional) The URL returned to the AWS CodePipeline console that provides a deep link to the resources of the external system.
* `execution_url_template` - (Optional) The URL returned to the AWS CodePipeline console that contains a link to the top-level landing page for the external system.
* `revision_url_template` - (Optional) The URL returned to the AWS CodePipeline console that contains a link to the page where customers can update or change the configuration of the external action.
* `third_party_configuration_url` - (Optional) The URL of a sign-up page where users can sign up for an external service and perform initial configuration of the action provided by that service.

* `tags` - (Optional) Map of tags to assign to this resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `version` - (Required) The version identifier of the custom action.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Composed of category, provider and version. For example, `Build:terraform:1`
* `arn` - The action ARN.
* `owner` - The creator of the action being called.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import CodeDeploy CustomActionType using the `id`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import CodeDeploy CustomActionType using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_codepipeline_custom_action_type.example Build:terraform:1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-618f4e853ef9774ea870455f957f72ac7ccbe371d784f81ae5996c728184b956 -->