---
subcategory: "EBS (EC2)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ebs_snapshot_import"
description: |-
  Provides an elastic block storage snapshot import resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_ebs_snapshot_import

Imports a disk image from S3 as a Snapshot.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.ebs_snapshot_import import EbsSnapshotImport
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        EbsSnapshotImport(self, "example",
            disk_container=EbsSnapshotImportDiskContainer(
                format="VHD",
                user_bucket=EbsSnapshotImportDiskContainerUserBucket(
                    s3_bucket="disk-images",
                    s3_key="source.vhd"
                )
            ),
            role_name="disk-image-import",
            tags={
                "Name": "HelloWorld"
            }
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `client_data` - (Optional) The client-specific data. Detailed below.
* `description` - (Optional) The description string for the import snapshot task.
* `disk_container` - (Required) Information about the disk container. Detailed below.
* `encrypted` - (Optional) Specifies whether the destination snapshot of the imported image should be encrypted. The default KMS key for EBS is used unless you specify a non-default KMS key using KmsKeyId.
* `kms_key_id` - (Optional) An identifier for the symmetric KMS key to use when creating the encrypted snapshot. This parameter is only required if you want to use a non-default KMS key; if this parameter is not specified, the default KMS key for EBS is used. If a KmsKeyId is specified, the Encrypted flag must also be set.
* `storage_tier` - (Optional) The name of the storage tier. Valid values are `archive` and `standard`. Default value is `standard`.
* `permanent_restore` - (Optional) Indicates whether to permanently restore an archived snapshot.
* `temporary_restore_days` - (Optional) Specifies the number of days for which to temporarily restore an archived snapshot. Required for temporary restores only. The snapshot will be automatically re-archived after this period.
* `role_name` - (Optional) The name of the IAM Role the VM Import/Export service will assume. This role needs certain permissions. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vm-import/latest/userguide/vmie_prereqs.html#vmimport-role. Default: `vmimport`
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the snapshot.

### client_data Configuration Block

* `comment` - (Optional) A user-defined comment about the disk upload.
* `upload_start` - (Optional) The time that the disk upload starts.
* `upload_end` - (Optional) The time that the disk upload ends.
* `upload_size` - (Optional) The size of the uploaded disk image, in GiB.

### disk_container Configuration Block

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the disk image being imported.
* `format` - (Required) The format of the disk image being imported. One of `VHD` or `VMDK`.
* `url` - (Optional) The URL to the Amazon S3-based disk image being imported. It can either be a https URL (https://..) or an Amazon S3 URL (s3://..). One of `url` or `user_bucket` must be set.
* `user_bucket` - (Optional) The Amazon S3 bucket for the disk image. One of `url` or `user_bucket` must be set. Detailed below.

### user_bucket Configuration Block

* `s3_bucket` - The name of the Amazon S3 bucket where the disk image is located.
* `s3_key` - The file name of the disk image.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `create` - (Default `60m`)
- `delete` - (Default `10m`)

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the EBS Snapshot.
* `id` - The snapshot ID (e.g., snap-59fcb34e).
* `owner_id` - The AWS account ID of the EBS snapshot owner.
* `owner_alias` - Value from an Amazon-maintained list (`amazon`, `aws-marketplace`, `microsoft`) of snapshot owners.
* `volume_size` - The size of the drive in GiBs.
* `data_encryption_key_id` - The data encryption key identifier for the snapshot.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-a913e99cf61c1c6954df7657480fc954e915e7e612a83eefbf5010e1f4fc479d -->