---
subcategory: "ELB Classic"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_elb"
description: |-
  Provides an Elastic Load Balancer resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_elb

Provides an Elastic Load Balancer resource, also known as a "Classic
Load Balancer" after the release of
[Application/Network Load Balancers](/docs/providers/aws/r/lb.html).

~> **NOTE on ELB Instances and ELB Attachments:** Terraform currently
provides both a standalone [ELB Attachment resource](elb_attachment.html)
(describing an instance attached to an ELB), and an ELB resource with
`instances` defined in-line. At this time you cannot use an ELB with in-line
instances in conjunction with a ELB Attachment resources. Doing so will cause a
conflict and will overwrite attachments.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.elb import Elb
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        Elb(self, "bar",
            access_logs=ElbAccessLogs(
                bucket="foo",
                bucket_prefix="bar",
                interval=60
            ),
            availability_zones=["us-west-2a", "us-west-2b", "us-west-2c"],
            connection_draining=True,
            connection_draining_timeout=400,
            cross_zone_load_balancing=True,
            health_check=ElbHealthCheck(
                healthy_threshold=2,
                interval=30,
                target="HTTP:8000/",
                timeout=3,
                unhealthy_threshold=2
            ),
            idle_timeout=400,
            instances=[foo.id],
            listener=[ElbListener(
                instance_port=8000,
                instance_protocol="http",
                lb_port=80,
                lb_protocol="http"
            ), ElbListener(
                instance_port=8000,
                instance_protocol="http",
                lb_port=443,
                lb_protocol="https",
                ssl_certificate_id="arn:aws:iam::123456789012:server-certificate/certName"
            )
            ],
            name="foobar-terraform-elb",
            tags={
                "Name": "foobar-terraform-elb"
            }
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the ELB. By default generated by Terraform.
* `name_prefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified
  prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `access_logs` - (Optional) An Access Logs block. Access Logs documented below.
* `availability_zones` - (Required for an EC2-classic ELB) The AZ's to serve traffic in.
* `security_groups` - (Optional) A list of security group IDs to assign to the ELB.
  Only valid if creating an ELB within a VPC
* `subnets` - (Required for a VPC ELB) A list of subnet IDs to attach to the ELB. When an update to subnets will remove all current subnets, this will force a new resource.
* `instances` - (Optional) A list of instance ids to place in the ELB pool.
* `internal` - (Optional) If true, ELB will be an internal ELB.
* `listener` - (Required) A list of listener blocks. Listeners documented below.
* `health_check` - (Optional) A health_check block. Health Check documented below.
* `cross_zone_load_balancing` - (Optional) Enable cross-zone load balancing. Default: `true`
* `idle_timeout` - (Optional) The time in seconds that the connection is allowed to be idle. Default: `60`
* `connection_draining` - (Optional) Boolean to enable connection draining. Default: `false`
* `connection_draining_timeout` - (Optional) The time in seconds to allow for connections to drain. Default: `300`
* `desync_mitigation_mode` - (Optional) Determines how the load balancer handles requests that might pose a security risk to an application due to HTTP desync. Valid values are `monitor`, `defensive` (default), `strictest`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Exactly one of `availability_zones` or `subnets` must be specified: this
determines if the ELB exists in a VPC or in EC2-classic.

Access Logs (`access_logs`) support the following:

* `bucket` - (Required) The S3 bucket name to store the logs in.
* `bucket_prefix` - (Optional) The S3 bucket prefix. Logs are stored in the root if not configured.
* `interval` - (Optional) The publishing interval in minutes. Valid values: `5` and `60`. Default: `60`
* `enabled` - (Optional) Boolean to enable / disable `access_logs`. Default is `true`

Listeners (`listener`) support the following:

* `instance_port` - (Required) The port on the instance to route to
* `instance_protocol` - (Required) The protocol to use to the instance. Valid
  values are `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, `TCP`, or `SSL`
* `lb_port` - (Required) The port to listen on for the load balancer
* `lb_protocol` - (Required) The protocol to listen on. Valid values are `HTTP`,
  `HTTPS`, `TCP`, or `SSL`
* `ssl_certificate_id` - (Optional) The ARN of an SSL certificate you have
uploaded to AWS IAM. **Note ECDSA-specific restrictions below.  Only valid when `lb_protocol` is either HTTPS or SSL**

Health Check (`health_check`) supports the following:

* `healthy_threshold` - (Required) The number of checks before the instance is declared healthy.
* `unhealthy_threshold` - (Required) The number of checks before the instance is declared unhealthy.
* `target` - (Required) The target of the check. Valid pattern is "${PROTOCOL}:${PORT}${PATH}", where PROTOCOL
  values are:
    * `HTTP`, `HTTPS` - PORT and PATH are required
    * `TCP`, `SSL` - PORT is required, PATH is not supported
* `interval` - (Required) The interval between checks.
* `timeout` - (Required) The length of time before the check times out.

## Note on ECDSA Key Algorithm

If the ARN of the `ssl_certificate_id` that is pointed to references a
certificate that was signed by an ECDSA key, note that ELB only supports the
P256 and P384 curves.  Using a certificate signed by a key using a different
curve could produce the error `ERR_SSL_VERSION_OR_CIPHER_MISMATCH` in your
browser.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The name of the ELB
* `arn` - The ARN of the ELB
* `name` - The name of the ELB
* `dns_name` - The DNS name of the ELB
* `instances` - The list of instances in the ELB
* `source_security_group` - The name of the security group that you can use as
  part of your inbound rules for your load balancer's back-end application
  instances. Use this for Classic or Default VPC only.
* `source_security_group_id` - The ID of the security group that you can use as
  part of your inbound rules for your load balancer's back-end application
  instances. Only available on ELBs launched in a VPC.
* `zone_id` - The canonical hosted zone ID of the ELB (to be used in a Route 53 Alias record)
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import ELBs using the `name`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.elb import Elb
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        Elb.generate_config_for_import(self, "bar", "elb-production-12345")
```

Using `terraform import`, import ELBs using the `name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_elb.bar elb-production-12345
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-51cf9c0bd7493a8933e0ea949d5da8ff7b2aba67934ff679f9a3811feef95d7c -->