---
subcategory: "GameLift"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_gamelift_fleet"
description: |-
  Provides a GameLift Fleet resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_gamelift_fleet

Provides a GameLift Fleet resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_gamelift_fleet" "example" {
  build_id          = aws_gamelift_build.example.id
  ec2_instance_type = "t2.micro"
  fleet_type        = "ON_DEMAND"
  name              = "example-fleet-name"

  runtime_configuration {
    server_process {
      concurrent_executions = 1
      launch_path           = "C:\\game\\GomokuServer.exe"
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `build_id` - (Optional) ID of the GameLift Build to be deployed on the fleet.
* `certificate_configuration` - (Optional) Prompts GameLift to generate a TLS/SSL certificate for the fleet. See [certificate_configuration](#certificate_configuration).
* `description` - (Optional) Human-readable description of the fleet.
* `ec2_inbound_permission` - (Optional) Range of IP addresses and port settings that permit inbound traffic to access server processes running on the fleet. See below.
* `ec2_instance_type` - (Required) Name of an EC2 instance typeE.g., `t2.micro`
* `fleet_type` - (Optional) Type of fleet. This value must be `ON_DEMAND` or `SPOT`. Defaults to `ON_DEMAND`.
* `instance_role_arn` - (Optional) ARN of an IAM role that instances in the fleet can assume.
* `metric_groups` - (Optional) List of names of metric groups to add this fleet to. A metric group tracks metrics across all fleets in the group. Defaults to `default`.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the fleet.
* `new_game_session_protection_policy` - (Optional) Game session protection policy to apply to all instances in this fleetE.g., `FullProtection`. Defaults to `NoProtection`.
* `resource_creation_limit_policy` - (Optional) Policy that limits the number of game sessions an individual player can create over a span of time for this fleet. See below.
* `runtime_configuration` - (Optional) Instructions for launching server processes on each instance in the fleet. See below.
* `script_id` - (Optional) ID of the GameLift Script to be deployed on the fleet.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Nested Fields

#### `certificate_configuration`

* `certificate_type` - (Optional) Indicates whether a TLS/SSL certificate is generated for a fleet. Valid values are `DISABLED` and `GENERATED`. Default value is `DISABLED`.

#### `ec2_inbound_permission`

* `from_port` - (Required) Starting value for a range of allowed port numbers.
* `ip_range` - (Required) Range of allowed IP addresses expressed in CIDR notationE.g., `000.000.000.000/[subnet mask]` or `0.0.0.0/[subnet mask]`.
* `protocol` - (Required) Network communication protocol used by the fleetE.g., `TCP` or `UDP`
* `to_port` - (Required) Ending value for a range of allowed port numbers. Port numbers are end-inclusive. This value must be higher than `from_port`.

#### `resource_creation_limit_policy`

* `new_game_sessions_per_creator` - (Optional) Maximum number of game sessions that an individual can create during the policy period.
* `policy_period_in_minutes` - (Optional) Time span used in evaluating the resource creation limit policy.

#### `runtime_configuration`

* `game_session_activation_timeout_seconds` - (Optional) Maximum amount of time (in seconds) that a game session can remain in status `ACTIVATING`.
* `max_concurrent_game_session_activations` - (Optional) Maximum number of game sessions with status `ACTIVATING` to allow on an instance simultaneously.
* `server_process` - (Optional) Collection of server process configurations that describe which server processes to run on each instance in a fleet. See below.

#### `server_process`

* `concurrent_executions` - (Required) Number of server processes using this configuration to run concurrently on an instance.
* `launch_path` - (Required) Location of the server executable in a game build. All game builds are installed on instances at the root : for Windows instances `C:\game`, and for Linux instances `/local/game`.
* `parameters` - (Optional) Optional list of parameters to pass to the server executable on launch.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Fleet ID.
* `arn` - Fleet ARN.
* `build_arn` - Build ARN.
* `operating_system` - Operating system of the fleet's computing resources.
* `script_arn` - Script ARN.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `70m`)
* `delete` - (Default `20m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import GameLift Fleets using the ID. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import GameLift Fleets using the ID. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_gamelift_fleet.example <fleet-id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-3bb7364110eb682f1c0a8b20937e245e89dbedcb5915fce66d3f5e59fd6676d6 -->