---
subcategory: "Glue"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_glue_catalog_table"
description: |-
  Provides a Glue Catalog Table.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_glue_catalog_table

Provides a Glue Catalog Table Resource. You can refer to the [Glue Developer Guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/populate-data-catalog.html) for a full explanation of the Glue Data Catalog functionality.

## Example Usage

### Basic Table

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.glue_catalog_table import GlueCatalogTable
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        GlueCatalogTable(self, "aws_glue_catalog_table",
            database_name="MyCatalogDatabase",
            name="MyCatalogTable"
        )
```

### Parquet Table for Athena

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.glue_catalog_table import GlueCatalogTable
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        GlueCatalogTable(self, "aws_glue_catalog_table",
            database_name="MyCatalogDatabase",
            name="MyCatalogTable",
            parameters={
                "EXTERNAL": "TRUE",
                "parquet.compression": "SNAPPY"
            },
            storage_descriptor=GlueCatalogTableStorageDescriptor(
                columns=[GlueCatalogTableStorageDescriptorColumns(
                    name="my_string",
                    type="string"
                ), GlueCatalogTableStorageDescriptorColumns(
                    name="my_double",
                    type="double"
                ), GlueCatalogTableStorageDescriptorColumns(
                    comment="",
                    name="my_date",
                    type="date"
                ), GlueCatalogTableStorageDescriptorColumns(
                    comment="",
                    name="my_bigint",
                    type="bigint"
                ), GlueCatalogTableStorageDescriptorColumns(
                    comment="",
                    name="my_struct",
                    type="struct<my_nested_string:string>"
                )
                ],
                input_format="org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.io.parquet.MapredParquetInputFormat",
                location="s3://my-bucket/event-streams/my-stream",
                output_format="org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.io.parquet.MapredParquetOutputFormat",
                ser_de_info=GlueCatalogTableStorageDescriptorSerDeInfo(
                    name="my-stream",
                    parameters={
                        "serialization.format": Token.as_string(1)
                    },
                    serialization_library="org.apache.hadoop.hive.ql.io.parquet.serde.ParquetHiveSerDe"
                )
            ),
            table_type="EXTERNAL_TABLE"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the table. For Hive compatibility, this must be entirely lowercase.
* `database_name` - (Required) Name of the metadata database where the table metadata resides. For Hive compatibility, this must be all lowercase.

The follow arguments are optional:

* `catalog_id` - (Optional) ID of the Glue Catalog and database to create the table in. If omitted, this defaults to the AWS Account ID plus the database name.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the table.
* `owner` - (Optional) Owner of the table.
* `open_table_format_input` - (Optional) Configuration block for open table formats. See [`open_table_format_input`](#open_table_format_input) below.
* `parameters` - (Optional) Properties associated with this table, as a list of key-value pairs.
* `partition_index` - (Optional) Configuration block for a maximum of 3 partition indexes. See [`partition_index`](#partition_index) below.
* `partition_keys` - (Optional) Configuration block of columns by which the table is partitioned. Only primitive types are supported as partition keys. See [`partition_keys`](#partition_keys) below.
* `retention` - (Optional) Retention time for this table.
* `storage_descriptor` - (Optional) Configuration block for information about the physical storage of this table. For more information, refer to the [Glue Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/aws-glue-api-catalog-tables.html#aws-glue-api-catalog-tables-StorageDescriptor). See [`storage_descriptor`](#storage_descriptor) below.
* `table_type` - (Optional) Type of this table (EXTERNAL_TABLE, VIRTUAL_VIEW, etc.). While optional, some Athena DDL queries such as `ALTER TABLE` and `SHOW CREATE TABLE` will fail if this argument is empty.
* `target_table` - (Optional) Configuration block of a target table for resource linking. See [`target_table`](#target_table) below.
* `view_expanded_text` - (Optional) If the table is a view, the expanded text of the view; otherwise null.
* `view_original_text` - (Optional) If the table is a view, the original text of the view; otherwise null.

### open_table_format_input

~> **NOTE:** A `open_table_format_input` cannot be added to an existing `glue_catalog_table`.
This will destroy and recreate the table, possibly resulting in data loss.

* `iceberg_input` - (Required) Configuration block for iceberg table config. See [`iceberg_input`](#iceberg_input) below.

### iceberg_input

~> **NOTE:** A `iceberg_input` cannot be added to an existing `open_table_format_input`.
This will destroy and recreate the table, possibly resulting in data loss.

* `metadata_operation` - (Required) A required metadata operation. Can only be set to CREATE.
* `version` - (Optional) The table version for the Iceberg table. Defaults to 2.

### partition_index

~> **NOTE:** A `partition_index` cannot be added to an existing `glue_catalog_table`.
This will destroy and recreate the table, possibly resulting in data loss.
To add an index to an existing table, see the [`glue_partition_index` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/glue_partition_index.html) for configuration details.

* `index_name` - (Required) Name of the partition index.
* `keys` - (Required) Keys for the partition index.

### partition_keys

* `comment` - (Optional) Free-form text comment.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the Partition Key.
* `type` - (Optional) Datatype of data in the Partition Key.

### storage_descriptor

* `bucket_columns` - (Optional) List of reducer grouping columns, clustering columns, and bucketing columns in the table.
* `columns` - (Optional) Configuration block for columns in the table. See [`columns`](#columns) below.
* `compressed` - (Optional) Whether the data in the table is compressed.
* `input_format` - (Optional) Input format: SequenceFileInputFormat (binary), or TextInputFormat, or a custom format.
* `location` - (Optional) Physical location of the table. By default this takes the form of the warehouse location, followed by the database location in the warehouse, followed by the table name.
* `number_of_buckets` - (Optional) Must be specified if the table contains any dimension columns.
* `output_format` - (Optional) Output format: SequenceFileOutputFormat (binary), or IgnoreKeyTextOutputFormat, or a custom format.
* `parameters` - (Optional) User-supplied properties in key-value form.
* `schema_reference` - (Optional) Object that references a schema stored in the AWS Glue Schema Registry. When creating a table, you can pass an empty list of columns for the schema, and instead use a schema reference. See [Schema Reference](#schema_reference) below.
* `ser_de_info` - (Optional) Configuration block for serialization and deserialization ("SerDe") information. See [`ser_de_info`](#ser_de_info) below.
* `skewed_info` - (Optional) Configuration block with information about values that appear very frequently in a column (skewed values). See [`skewed_info`](#skewed_info) below.
* `sort_columns` - (Optional) Configuration block for the sort order of each bucket in the table. See [`sort_columns`](#sort_columns) below.
* `stored_as_sub_directories` - (Optional) Whether the table data is stored in subdirectories.

#### columns

* `comment` - (Optional) Free-form text comment.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the Column.
* `parameters` - (Optional) Key-value pairs defining properties associated with the column.
* `type` - (Optional) Datatype of data in the Column.

#### schema_reference

* `schema_id` - (Optional) Configuration block that contains schema identity fields. Either this or the `schema_version_id` has to be provided. See [`schema_id`](#schema_id) below.
* `schema_version_id` - (Optional) Unique ID assigned to a version of the schema. Either this or the `schema_id` has to be provided.
* `schema_version_number` - (Required) Version number of the schema.

##### schema_id

* `registry_name` - (Optional) Name of the schema registry that contains the schema. Must be provided when `schema_name` is specified and conflicts with `schema_arn`.
* `schema_arn` - (Optional) ARN of the schema. One of `schema_arn` or `schema_name` has to be provided.
* `schema_name` - (Optional) Name of the schema. One of `schema_arn` or `schema_name` has to be provided.

#### ser_de_info

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the SerDe.
* `parameters` - (Optional) Map of initialization parameters for the SerDe, in key-value form.
* `serialization_library` - (Optional) Usually the class that implements the SerDe. An example is `org.apache.hadoop.hive.serde2.columnar.ColumnarSerDe`.

#### sort_columns

* `column` - (Required) Name of the column.
* `sort_order` - (Required) Whether the column is sorted in ascending (`1`) or descending order (`0`).

#### skewed_info

* `skewed_column_names` - (Optional) List of names of columns that contain skewed values.
* `skewed_column_value_location_maps` - (Optional) List of values that appear so frequently as to be considered skewed.
* `skewed_column_values` - (Optional) Map of skewed values to the columns that contain them.

### target_table

* `catalog_id` - (Required) ID of the Data Catalog in which the table resides.
* `database_name` - (Required) Name of the catalog database that contains the target table.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the target table.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The ARN of the Glue Table.
* `id` - Catalog ID, Database name and of the name table.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Glue Tables using the catalog ID (usually AWS account ID), database name, and table name. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import Glue Tables using the catalog ID (usually AWS account ID), database name, and table name. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_glue_catalog_table.MyTable 123456789012:MyDatabase:MyTable
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-45918d95d1ee42b18f0a38282d1c7f92c766f0d90f43a1e0cd1f7c41e6fd3936 -->