---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration"
description: |-
    Manage an Image Builder Distribution Configuration
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration

Manages an Image Builder Distribution Configuration.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.imagebuilder_distribution_configuration import ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration(self, "example",
            distribution=[ImagebuilderDistributionConfigurationDistribution(
                ami_distribution_configuration=ImagebuilderDistributionConfigurationDistributionAmiDistributionConfiguration(
                    ami_tags={
                        "CostCenter": "IT"
                    },
                    launch_permission=ImagebuilderDistributionConfigurationDistributionAmiDistributionConfigurationLaunchPermission(
                        user_ids=["123456789012"]
                    ),
                    name="example-{{ imagebuilder:buildDate }}"
                ),
                launch_template_configuration=[ImagebuilderDistributionConfigurationDistributionLaunchTemplateConfiguration(
                    launch_template_id="lt-0aaa1bcde2ff3456"
                )
                ],
                region="us-east-1"
            )
            ],
            name="example"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the distribution configuration.
* `distribution` - (Required) One or more configuration blocks with distribution settings. Detailed below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) Description of the distribution configuration.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags for the distribution configuration. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### distribution

The following arguments are required:

* `region` - (Required) AWS Region for the distribution.

The following arguments are optional:

* `ami_distribution_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block with Amazon Machine Image (AMI) distribution settings. Detailed below.
* `container_distribution_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block with container distribution settings. Detailed below.
* `fast_launch_configuration` - (Optional) Set of Windows faster-launching configurations to use for AMI distribution. Detailed below.
* `launch_template_configuration` - (Optional) Set of launch template configuration settings that apply to image distribution. Detailed below.
* `license_configuration_arns` - (Optional) Set of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of License Manager License Configurations.

### ami_distribution_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `ami_tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of tags to apply to the distributed AMI.
* `description` - (Optional) Description to apply to the distributed AMI.
* `kms_key_id` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Key Management Service (KMS) Key to encrypt the distributed AMI.
* `launch_permission` - (Optional) Configuration block of EC2 launch permissions to apply to the distributed AMI. Detailed below.
* `name` - (Optional) Name to apply to the distributed AMI.
* `target_account_ids` - (Optional) Set of AWS Account identifiers to distribute the AMI.

### launch_permission

The following arguments are optional:

* `organization_arns` - (Optional) Set of AWS Organization ARNs to assign.
* `organizational_unit_arns` - (Optional) Set of AWS Organizational Unit ARNs to assign.
* `user_groups` - (Optional) Set of EC2 launch permission user groups to assign. Use `all` to distribute a public AMI.
* `user_ids` - (Optional) Set of AWS Account identifiers to assign.

### container_distribution_configuration

* `container_tags` - (Optional) Set of tags that are attached to the container distribution configuration.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the container distribution configuration.
* `target_repository` (Required) Configuration block with the destination repository for the container distribution configuration.

### target_repository

* `repository_name` - (Required) The name of the container repository where the output container image is stored. This name is prefixed by the repository location.
* `service` - (Required) The service in which this image is registered. Valid values: `ECR`.

### fast_launch_configuration

* `account_id` - (Required) The owner account ID for the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.
* `enabled` - (Required) A Boolean that represents the current state of faster launching for the Windows AMI. Set to `true` to start using Windows faster launching, or `false` to stop using it.
* `launch_template` - (Optional) Configuration block for the launch template that the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI uses when it launches Windows instances to create pre-provisioned snapshots. Detailed below.
* `max_parallel_launches` - (Optional) The maximum number of parallel instances that are launched for creating resources.
* `snapshot_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block for managing the number of snapshots that are created from pre-provisioned instances for the Windows AMI when faster launching is enabled. Detailed below.

### launch_template

* `launch_template_id` - (Optional) The ID of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
* `launch_template_name` - (Optional) The name of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
* `launch_template_version` - (Optional) The version of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.

### snapshot_configuration

* `target_resource_count` - (Optional) The number of pre-provisioned snapshots to keep on hand for a fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.

### launch_template_configuration

* `default` - (Optional) Indicates whether to set the specified Amazon EC2 launch template as the default launch template. Defaults to `true`.
* `account_id` - The account ID that this configuration applies to.
* `launch_template_id` - (Required) The ID of the Amazon EC2 launch template to use.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the distribution configuration.
* `date_created` - Date the distribution configuration was created.
* `date_updated` - Date the distribution configuration was updated.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configurations` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.imagebuilder_distribution_configuration import ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        ImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration.generate_config_for_import(self, "example", "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:distribution-configuration/example")
```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configurations` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration.example arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:distribution-configuration/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-6d8db82ff70fd71c294a27408592fa6427acf20679476b6f735995d9df579444 -->