---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline"
description: |-
    Manages an Image Builder Image Pipeline
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline

Manages an Image Builder Image Pipeline.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.imagebuilder_image_pipeline import ImagebuilderImagePipeline
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        ImagebuilderImagePipeline(self, "example",
            image_recipe_arn=Token.as_string(aws_imagebuilder_image_recipe_example.arn),
            infrastructure_configuration_arn=Token.as_string(aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration_example.arn),
            name="example",
            schedule=ImagebuilderImagePipelineSchedule(
                schedule_expression="cron(0 0 * * ? *)"
            )
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `infrastructure_configuration_arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the image pipeline.

The following arguments are optional:

* `container_recipe_arn` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container recipe.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the image pipeline.
* `distribution_configuration_arn` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Image Builder Distribution Configuration.
* `enhanced_image_metadata_enabled` - (Optional) Whether additional information about the image being created is collected. Defaults to `true`.
* `image_recipe_arn` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image recipe.
* `image_scanning_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block with image scanning configuration. Detailed below.
* `image_tests_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block with image tests configuration. Detailed below.
* `schedule` - (Optional) Configuration block with schedule settings. Detailed below.
* `status` - (Optional) Status of the image pipeline. Valid values are `DISABLED` and `ENABLED`. Defaults to `ENABLED`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags for the image pipeline. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### image_scanning_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `image_scanning_enabled` - (Optional) Whether image scans are enabled. Defaults to `false`.
* `ecr_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block with ECR configuration for image scanning. Detailed below.

### ecr_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `container tags` - (Optional) list of tags to apply to scanned images
* `repository_name` - (Optional) The name of the repository to scan

### image_tests_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `image_tests_enabled` - (Optional) Whether image tests are enabled. Defaults to `true`.
* `timeout_minutes` - (Optional) Number of minutes before image tests time out. Valid values are between `60` and `1440`. Defaults to `720`.

### schedule

The following arguments are required:

* `schedule_expression` - (Required) Cron expression of how often the pipeline start condition is evaluated. For example, `cron(0 0 * * ? *)` is evaluated every day at midnight UTC. Configurations using the five field syntax that was previously accepted by the API, such as `cron(0 0 * * *)`, must be updated to the six field syntax. For more information, see the [Image Builder User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/imagebuilder/latest/userguide/cron-expressions.html).

The following arguments are optional:

* `pipeline_execution_start_condition` - (Optional) Condition when the pipeline should trigger a new image build. Valid values are `EXPRESSION_MATCH_AND_DEPENDENCY_UPDATES_AVAILABLE` and `EXPRESSION_MATCH_ONLY`. Defaults to `EXPRESSION_MATCH_AND_DEPENDENCY_UPDATES_AVAILABLE`.

* `timezone` - (Optional) The timezone that applies to the scheduling expression. For example, "Etc/UTC", "America/Los_Angeles" in the [IANA timezone format](https://www.joda.org/joda-time/timezones.html). If not specified this defaults to UTC.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the image pipeline.
* `date_created` - Date the image pipeline was created.
* `date_last_run` - Date the image pipeline was last run.
* `date_next_run` - Date the image pipeline will run next.
* `date_updated` - Date the image pipeline was updated.
* `platform` - Platform of the image pipeline.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline.example arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:image-pipeline/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-13e924ec569b627a02963bf24503600d1c77afb7d92500fcb19f3ff11c58c554 -->