---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe"
description: |-
    Manage an Image Builder Container Recipe
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe

Manages an Image Builder Container Recipe.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.imagebuilder_container_recipe import ImagebuilderContainerRecipe
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        ImagebuilderContainerRecipe(self, "example",
            component=[ImagebuilderContainerRecipeComponent(
                component_arn=Token.as_string(aws_imagebuilder_component_example.arn),
                parameter=[ImagebuilderContainerRecipeComponentParameter(
                    name="Parameter1",
                    value="Value1"
                ), ImagebuilderContainerRecipeComponentParameter(
                    name="Parameter2",
                    value="Value2"
                )
                ]
            )
            ],
            container_type="DOCKER",
            dockerfile_template_data="FROM {{{ imagebuilder:parentImage }}}\n{{{ imagebuilder:environments }}}\n{{{ imagebuilder:components }}}\n\n",
            name="example",
            parent_image="arn:aws:imagebuilder:eu-central-1:aws:image/amazon-linux-x86-latest/x.x.x",
            target_repository=ImagebuilderContainerRecipeTargetRepository(
                repository_name=Token.as_string(aws_ecr_repository_example.name),
                service="ECR"
            ),
            version="1.0.0"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `component` - (Required) Ordered configuration block(s) with components for the container recipe. Detailed below.
* `container_type` - (Required) The type of the container to create. Valid values: `DOCKER`.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the container recipe.
* `parent_image` (Required) The base image for the container recipe.
* `target_repository` (Required) The destination repository for the container image. Detailed below.
* `version` (Required) Version of the container recipe.

The following attributes are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the container recipe.
* `dockerfile_template_data` - (Optional) The Dockerfile template used to build the image as an inline data blob.
* `dockerfile_template_uri` - (Optional) The Amazon S3 URI for the Dockerfile that will be used to build the container image.
* `instance_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block used to configure an instance for building and testing container images. Detailed below.
* `kms_key_id` - (Optional) The KMS key used to encrypt the container image.
* `platform_override` - (Optional) Specifies the operating system platform when you use a custom base image.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags for the container recipe. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `working_directory` - (Optional) The working directory to be used during build and test workflows.

### component

The `component` block supports the following arguments:

* `component_arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Image Builder Component to associate.
* `parameter` - (Optional) Configuration block(s) for parameters to configure the component. Detailed below.

### parameter

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the component parameter.
* `value` - (Required) The value for the named component parameter.

### target_repository

The following arguments are required:

* `repository_name` - (Required) The name of the container repository where the output container image is stored. This name is prefixed by the repository location.
* `service` - (Required) The service in which this image is registered. Valid values: `ECR`.

### instance_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `block_device_mapping` - (Optional) Configuration block(s) with block device mappings for the container recipe. Detailed below.
* `image` - (Optional) The AMI ID to use as the base image for a container build and test instance. If not specified, Image Builder will use the appropriate ECS-optimized AMI as a base image.

### block_device_mapping

The following arguments are optional:

* `device_name` - (Optional) Name of the device. For example, `/dev/sda` or `/dev/xvdb`.
* `ebs` - (Optional) Configuration block with Elastic Block Storage (EBS) block device mapping settings. Detailed below.
* `no_device` - (Optional) Set to `true` to remove a mapping from the parent image.
* `virtual_name` - (Optional) Virtual device name. For example, `ephemeral0`. Instance store volumes are numbered starting from 0.

#### ebs

The following arguments are optional:

* `delete_on_termination` - (Optional) Whether to delete the volume on termination. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
* `encrypted` - (Optional) Whether to encrypt the volume. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
* `iops` - (Optional) Number of Input/Output (I/O) operations per second to provision for an `io1` or `io2` volume.
* `kms_key_id` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Key Management Service (KMS) Key for encryption.
* `snapshot_id` - (Optional) Identifier of the EC2 Volume Snapshot.
* `throughput` - (Optional) For GP3 volumes only. The throughput in MiB/s that the volume supports.
* `volume_size` - (Optional) Size of the volume, in GiB.
* `volume_type` - (Optional) Type of the volume. For example, `gp2` or `io2`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the container recipe.
* `date_created` - Date the container recipe was created.
* `encrypted` - A flag that indicates if the target container is encrypted.
* `owner` - Owner of the container recipe.
* `platform` - Platform of the container recipe.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe` resources using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_imagebuilder_container_recipe.example arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:123456789012:container-recipe/example/1.0.0
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-b616803b9b163166c8ca8e3572b4ae2a3b7520be71fb4d2736f37a4c59c66771 -->