---
subcategory: "Oracle Database@AWS"
layout: "AWS: aws_odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster"
page_title: "AWS: aws_odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster"
description: |-
  Terraform resource managing cloud autonomous vm cluster in AWS for Oracle Database@AWS.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster

Terraform resource managing cloud autonomous vm cluster in AWS for Oracle Database@AWS.

You can find out more about Oracle Database@AWS from [User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/odb/latest/UserGuide/what-is-odb.html).

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster import OdbCloudAutonomousVmCluster
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        OdbCloudAutonomousVmCluster(self, "avmc_with_all_params",
            autonomous_data_storage_size_in_tbs=5,
            cloud_exadata_infrastructure_id="<aws_odb_cloud_exadata_infrastructure.test.id>",
            cpu_core_count_per_node=40,
            db_servers=["<my_db_server_1>", "<my_db_server_2>"],
            description="my first avmc",
            display_name="Ofake_my avmc",
            license_model="LICENSE_INCLUDED",
            maintenance_window=[OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindow(
                days_of_week=[OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindowDaysOfWeek(
                    name="MONDAY"
                ), OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindowDaysOfWeek(
                    name="TUESDAY"
                )
                ],
                hours_of_day=[4, 16],
                lead_time_in_weeks=3,
                months=[OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindowMonths(
                    name="FEBRUARY"
                ), OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindowMonths(
                    name="MAY"
                ), OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindowMonths(
                    name="AUGUST"
                ), OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindowMonths(
                    name="NOVEMBER"
                )
                ],
                preference="CUSTOM_PREFERENCE",
                weeks_of_month=[2, 4]
            )
            ],
            memory_per_oracle_compute_unit_in_gbs=2,
            odb_network_id="<aws_odb_network.test.id>",
            scan_listener_port_non_tls=1024,
            scan_listener_port_tls=8561,
            tags={
                "env": "dev"
            },
            time_zone="UTC",
            total_container_databases=1
        )
        OdbCloudAutonomousVmCluster(self, "avmc_with_minimum_parameters",
            autonomous_data_storage_size_in_tbs=5,
            cloud_exadata_infrastructure_id="<exadata_infra_id>",
            cpu_core_count_per_node=40,
            db_servers=["<my_db_server_id>"],
            display_name="Ofake-avmc-my_avmc",
            license_model="LICENSE_INCLUDED",
            maintenance_window=[OdbCloudAutonomousVmClusterMaintenanceWindow(
                preference="NO_PREFERENCE"
            )
            ],
            memory_per_oracle_compute_unit_in_gbs=2,
            odb_network_id="<odb_net_id>",
            scan_listener_port_non_tls=1024,
            scan_listener_port_tls=8561,
            total_container_databases=1
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `cloud_exadata_infrastructure_id` - (Required) Exadata infrastructure id. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `autonomous_data_storage_size_in_tbs` - (Required) The data storage size allocated for Autonomous Databases in the Autonomous VM cluster, in TB. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `cpu_core_count_per_node` - (Required) The number of CPU cores enabled per node in the Autonomous VM cluster. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `db_servers` - (Required) The database servers in the Autonomous VM cluster. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `display_name` - (Required) The display name of the Autonomous VM cluster. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `memory_per_oracle_compute_unit_in_gbs` - (Required) The amount of memory allocated per Oracle Compute Unit, in GB. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `odb_network_id` - (Required) The unique identifier of the ODB network associated with this Autonomous VM Cluster. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `scan_listener_port_non_tls` - (Required) The SCAN listener port for non-TLS (TCP) protocol. The default is 1521. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `scan_listener_port_tls` - (Required) The SCAN listener port for TLS (TCP) protocol. The default is 2484. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `total_container_databases` - (Required) The total number of Autonomous Container Databases that can be created with the allocated local storage. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `maintenance_window` - (Required) The maintenance window of the Autonomous VM cluster. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) The description of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `is_mtls_enabled_vm_cluster` - (Optional) Indicates whether mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication is enabled for the Autonomous VM cluster. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `license_model` - (Optional) The license model for the Autonomous VM cluster. Valid values are LICENSE_INCLUDED or BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `time_zone` - (Optional) The time zone of the Autonomous VM cluster. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the exadata infrastructure. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### maintenance_window

* `preference` - (Required) The preference for the maintenance window scheduling. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `days_of_week` - (Optional) The days of the week when maintenance can be performed. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `hours_of_day` - (Optional) The hours of the day when maintenance can be performed. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `lead_time_in_weeks` - (Optional) The lead time in weeks before the maintenance window. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `months` - (Optional) The months when maintenance can be performed. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.
* `weeks_of_month` - (Optional) Indicates whether to skip release updates during maintenance. Changing this will force terraform to create new resource.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `autonomous_data_storage_percentage` - The progress of the current operation on the Autonomous VM cluster, as a percentage.
* `available_autonomous_data_storage_size_in_tbs` - The available data storage space for Autonomous Databases in the Autonomous VM cluster, in TB.
* `available_container_databases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs that you can create with the currently available storage.
* `available_cpus` - The number of CPU cores available for allocation to Autonomous Databases.
* `compute_model` - The compute model of the Autonomous VM cluster: ECPU or OCPU.
* `cpu_core_count` - The total number of CPU cores in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `cpu_percentage` - The percentage of total CPU cores currently in use in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `created_at` - The date and time when the Autonomous VM cluster was created.
* `data_storage_size_in_gbs` - The total data storage allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in GB.
* `data_storage_size_in_tbs` - The total data storage allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in TB.
* `odb_node_storage_size_in_gbs` - The local node storage allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in gigabytes (GB).
* `domain` - The domain name of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `exadata_storage_in_tbs_lowest_scaled_value` - The minimum value to which you can scale down the Exadata storage, in TB.
* `hostname` - The hostname of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `license_model` - The license model for the Autonomous VM cluster. Valid values are LICENSE_INCLUDED or BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE.
* `max_acds_lowest_scaled_value` - The minimum value to which you can scale down the maximum number of Autonomous CDBs.
* `memory_size_in_gbs` - The total amount of memory allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in gigabytes(GB).
* `node_count` - The number of database server nodes in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `non_provisionable_autonomous_container_databases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs that can't be provisioned because of resource constraints.
* `oci_resource_anchor_name` - The name of the OCI resource anchor associated with this Autonomous VM cluster.
* `oci_url` - The URL for accessing the OCI console page for this Autonomous VM cluster.
* `ocid` - The Oracle Cloud Identifier (OCID) of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `percent_progress` - The progress of the current operation on the Autonomous VM cluster, as a percentage.
* `provisionable_autonomous_container_databases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs that can be provisioned in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `provisioned_autonomous_container_databases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs currently provisioned in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `provisioned_cpus` - The number of CPUs provisioned in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `reclaimable_cpus` - The number of CPU cores that can be reclaimed from terminated or scaled-down Autonomous Databases.
* `reserved_cpus` - The number of CPU cores reserved for system operations and redundancy.
* `shape` - The shape of the Exadata infrastructure for the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `status` - The status of the Autonomous VM cluster. Possible values include CREATING, AVAILABLE, UPDATING, DELETING, DELETED, FAILED.
* `status_reason` - Additional information about the current status of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `time_zone` - The time zone of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `time_ords_certificate_expires` - The expiration date and time of the ORDS certificate.
* `time_database_ssl_certificate_expires` - The expiration date and time of the database SSL certificate.
* `tags_all` - The combined set of user-defined and provider-defined tags.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `24h`)
* `update` - (Default `24h`)
* `delete` - (Default `24h`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import OpenSearch Ingestion Pipeline using the `id`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster import OdbCloudAutonomousVmCluster
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        OdbCloudAutonomousVmCluster.generate_config_for_import(self, "example", "example")
```

Using `terraform import`, import cloud autonomous vm cluster `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster.example example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-aed390b80b509c9f00d8498639987bd0e0cf703ce18aff93885f7db7c46abaf4 -->