---
subcategory: "OpsWorks"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_opsworks_stack"
description: |-
  Provides an OpsWorks stack resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_opsworks_stack

Provides an OpsWorks stack resource.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import Token, TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.opsworks_stack import OpsworksStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        OpsworksStack(self, "main",
            custom_json="{\n \"foobar\": {\n    \"version\": \"1.0.0\"\n  }\n}\n\n",
            default_instance_profile_arn=opsworks.arn,
            name="awesome-stack",
            region="us-west-1",
            service_role_arn=Token.as_string(aws_iam_role_opsworks.arn),
            tags={
                "Name": "foobar-terraform-stack"
            }
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the stack.
* `region` - (Required) The name of the region where the stack will exist.
* `service_role_arn` - (Required) The ARN of an IAM role that the OpsWorks service will act as.
* `default_instance_profile_arn` - (Required) The ARN of an IAM Instance Profile that created instances will have by default.
* `agent_version` - (Optional) If set to `"LATEST"`, OpsWorks will automatically install the latest version.
* `berkshelf_version` - (Optional) If `manage_berkshelf` is enabled, the version of Berkshelf to use.
* `color` - (Optional) Color to paint next to the stack's resources in the OpsWorks console.
* `configuration_manager_name` - (Optional) Name of the configuration manager to use. Defaults to "Chef".
* `configuration_manager_version` - (Optional) Version of the configuration manager to use. Defaults to "11.4".
* `custom_cookbooks_source` - (Optional) When `use_custom_cookbooks` is set, provide this sub-object as described below.
* `custom_json` - (Optional) User defined JSON passed to "Chef". Use a "here doc" for multiline JSON.
* `default_availability_zone` - (Optional) Name of the availability zone where instances will be created by default.
  Cannot be set when `vpc_id` is set.
* `default_os` - (Optional) Name of OS that will be installed on instances by default.
* `default_root_device_type` - (Optional) Name of the type of root device instances will have by default.
* `default_ssh_key_name` - (Optional) Name of the SSH keypair that instances will have by default.
* `default_subnet_id` - (Optional) ID of the subnet in which instances will be created by default.
  Required if `vpc_id` is set to a VPC other than the default VPC, and forbidden if it isn't.
* `hostname_theme` - (Optional) Keyword representing the naming scheme that will be used for instance hostnames within this stack.
* `manage_berkshelf` - (Optional) Boolean value controlling whether Opsworks will run Berkshelf for this stack.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource.
  If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `use_custom_cookbooks` - (Optional) Boolean value controlling whether the custom cookbook settings are enabled.
* `use_opsworks_security_groups` - (Optional) Boolean value controlling whether the standard OpsWorks security groups apply to created instances.
* `vpc_id` - (Optional) ID of the VPC that this stack belongs to.
  Defaults to the region's default VPC.
* `custom_json` - (Optional) Custom JSON attributes to apply to the entire stack.

The `custom_cookbooks_source` block supports the following arguments:

* `type` - (Required) The type of source to use. For example, "archive".
* `url` - (Required) The URL where the cookbooks resource can be found.
* `username` - (Optional) Username to use when authenticating to the source.
* `password` - (Optional) Password to use when authenticating to the source. Terraform cannot perform drift detection of this configuration.
* `ssh_key` - (Optional) SSH key to use when authenticating to the source. Terraform cannot perform drift detection of this configuration.
* `revision` - (Optional) For sources that are version-aware, the revision to use.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The id of the stack.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import OpsWorks stacks using the `id`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import OpsWorks stacks using the `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_opsworks_stack.bar 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-cbf03513c58946c4bc846b656ee35719904926d5e3f1cfba67219305564f8a4f -->