---
subcategory: "OpsWorks"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_opsworks_instance"
description: |-
  Provides an OpsWorks instance resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_opsworks_instance

Provides an OpsWorks instance resource.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.opsworks_instance import OpsworksInstance
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        OpsworksInstance(self, "my-instance",
            instance_type="t2.micro",
            layer_ids=[my_layer.id],
            os="Amazon Linux 2015.09",
            stack_id=main.id,
            state="stopped"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `layer_ids` - (Required) List of the layers the instance will belong to.
* `stack_id` - (Required) Identifier of the stack the instance will belong to.

The following arguments are optional:

* `agent_version` - (Optional) OpsWorks agent to install. Default is `INHERIT`.
* `ami_id` - (Optional) AMI to use for the instance.  If an AMI is specified, `os` must be `Custom`.
* `architecture` - (Optional) Machine architecture for created instances.  Valid values are `x86_64` or `i386`. The default is `x86_64`.
* `auto_scaling_type` - (Optional) Creates load-based or time-based instances.  Valid values are `load`, `timer`.
* `availability_zone` - (Optional) Name of the availability zone where instances will be created by default.
* `delete_ebs` - (Optional) Whether to delete EBS volume on deletion. Default is `true`.
* `delete_eip` - (Optional) Whether to delete the Elastic IP on deletion.
* `ebs_block_device` - (Optional) Configuration block for additional EBS block devices to attach to the instance. See [Block Devices](#block-devices) below.
* `ebs_optimized` - (Optional) Whether the launched EC2 instance will be EBS-optimized.
* `ecs_cluster_arn` - (Optional) ECS cluster's ARN for container instances.
* `elastic_ip` - (Optional) Instance Elastic IP address.
* `ephemeral_block_device` - (Optional) Configuration block for ephemeral (also known as "Instance Store") volumes on the instance. See [Block Devices](#block-devices) below.
* `hostname` - (Optional) Instance's host name.
* `infrastructure_class` - (Optional) For registered instances, infrastructure class: ec2 or on-premises.
* `install_updates_on_boot` - (Optional) Controls where to install OS and package updates when the instance boots.  Default is `true`.
* `instance_profile_arn` - (Optional) ARN of the instance's IAM profile.
* `instance_type` - (Optional) Type of instance to start.
* `os` - (Optional) Name of operating system that will be installed.
* `root_block_device` - (Optional) Configuration block for the root block device of the instance. See [Block Devices](#block-devices) below.
* `root_device_type` - (Optional) Name of the type of root device instances will have by default. Valid values are `ebs` or `instance-store`.
* `ssh_key_name` - (Optional) Name of the SSH keypair that instances will have by default.
* `state` - (Optional) Desired state of the instance. Valid values are `running` or `stopped`.
* `subnet_id` - (Optional) Subnet ID to attach to.
* `tenancy` - (Optional) Instance tenancy to use. Valid values are `default`, `dedicated` or `host`.
* `virtualization_type` - (Optional) Keyword to choose what virtualization mode created instances will use. Valid values are `paravirtual` or `hvm`.

## Block devices

Each of the `*_block_device` attributes controls a portion of the AWS
Instance's "Block Device Mapping". It's a good idea to familiarize yourself with [AWS's Block Device
Mapping docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/block-device-mapping-concepts.html)
to understand the implications of using these attributes.

### `ebs_block_device`

* `delete_on_termination` - (Optional) Whether the volume should be destroyed on instance termination. Default is `true`.
* `device_name` - (Required) Name of the device to mount.
* `iops` - (Optional) Amount of provisioned [IOPS](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-io-characteristics.html). This must be set with a `volume_type` of `io1`.
* `snapshot_id` - (Optional) Snapshot ID to mount.
* `volume_size` - (Optional) Size of the volume in gigabytes.
* `volume_type` - (Optional) Type of volume. Valid values are `standard`, `gp2`, or `io1`. Default is `standard`.

Modifying any `ebs_block_device` currently requires resource replacement.

### `ephemeral_block_device`

* `device_name` - Name of the block device to mount on the instance.
* `virtual_name` - The [Instance Store Device Name](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/InstanceStorage.html#InstanceStoreDeviceNames) (e.g., `ephemeral0`).

Each AWS Instance type has a different set of Instance Store block devices
available for attachment. AWS [publishes a
list](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/InstanceStorage.html#StorageOnInstanceTypes)
of which ephemeral devices are available on each type. The devices are always
identified by the `virtual_name` in the format `ephemeral{0..N}`.

### `root_block_device`

* `delete_on_termination` - (Optional) Whether the volume should be destroyed on instance termination. Default is `true`.
* `iops` - (Optional) Amount of provisioned [IOPS](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-io-characteristics.html). This must be set with a `volume_type` of `io1`.
* `volume_size` - (Optional) Size of the volume in gigabytes.
* `volume_type` - (Optional) Type of volume. Valid values are `standard`, `gp2`, or `io1`. Default is `standard`.

Modifying any of the `root_block_device` settings requires resource
replacement.

~> **NOTE:** Currently, changes to `*_block_device` configuration of _existing_
resources cannot be automatically detected by Terraform. After making updates
to block device configuration, resource recreation can be manually triggered by
using the [`taint` command](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/taint.html).

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `created_at` - Time that the instance was created.
* `ec2_instance_id` - EC2 instance ID.
* `id` - ID of the OpsWorks instance.
* `last_service_error_id` - ID of the last service error.
* `platform` - Instance's platform.
* `private_dns` - Private DNS name assigned to the instance. Can only be used inside the Amazon EC2, and only available if you've enabled DNS hostnames for your VPC.
* `private_ip` - Private IP address assigned to the instance.
* `public_dns` - Public DNS name assigned to the instance. For EC2-VPC, this is only available if you've enabled DNS hostnames for your VPC.
* `public_ip` - Public IP address assigned to the instance, if applicable.
* `registered_by` - For registered instances, who performed the registration.
* `reported_agent_version` - Instance's reported AWS OpsWorks Stacks agent version.
* `reported_os_family` - For registered instances, the reported operating system family.
* `reported_os_name` - For registered instances, the reported operating system name.
* `reported_os_version` - For registered instances, the reported operating system version.
* `root_device_volume_id` - Root device volume ID.
* `security_group_ids` - Associated security groups.
* `ssh_host_dsa_key_fingerprint` - SSH key's Deep Security Agent (DSA) fingerprint.
* `ssh_host_rsa_key_fingerprint` - SSH key's RSA fingerprint.
* `status` - Instance status. Will be one of `booting`, `connection_lost`, `online`, `pending`, `rebooting`, `requested`, `running_setup`, `setup_failed`, `shutting_down`, `start_failed`, `stop_failed`, `stopped`, `stopping`, `terminated`, or `terminating`.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `create` - (Default `10m`)
- `delete` - (Default `10m`)
- `update` - (Default `10m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Opsworks Instances using the instance `id`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.opsworks_instance import OpsworksInstance
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        OpsworksInstance.generate_config_for_import(self, "myInstance", "4d6d1710-ded9-42a1-b08e-b043ad7af1e2")
```

Using `terraform import`, import Opsworks Instances using the instance `id`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_opsworks_instance.my_instance 4d6d1710-ded9-42a1-b08e-b043ad7af1e2
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-760182d76d218ceaf2aa97bf60861140665a51f7861d5210b509e78e8f84b58d -->