---
subcategory: "QuickSight"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_quicksight_account_subscription"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS QuickSight Account Subscription.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_quicksight_account_subscription

Terraform resource for managing an AWS QuickSight Account Subscription.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.quicksight_account_subscription import QuicksightAccountSubscription
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        QuicksightAccountSubscription(self, "subscription",
            account_name="quicksight-terraform",
            authentication_method="IAM_AND_QUICKSIGHT",
            edition="ENTERPRISE",
            notification_email="notification@email.com"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `account_name` - (Required) Name of your Amazon QuickSight account. This name is unique over all of AWS, and it appears only when users sign in.
* `authentication_method` - (Required) Method that you want to use to authenticate your Amazon QuickSight account. Currently, the valid values for this parameter are `IAM_AND_QUICKSIGHT`, `IAM_ONLY`, `IAM_IDENTITY_CENTER`, and `ACTIVE_DIRECTORY`.
* `edition` - (Required) Edition of Amazon QuickSight that you want your account to have. Currently, you can choose from `STANDARD`, `ENTERPRISE` or `ENTERPRISE_AND_Q`.
* `notification_email` - (Required) Email address that you want Amazon QuickSight to send notifications to regarding your Amazon QuickSight account or Amazon QuickSight subscription.

The following arguments are optional:

* `active_directory_name` - (Optional) Name of your Active Directory. This field is required if `ACTIVE_DIRECTORY` is the selected authentication method of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `admin_group` - (Optional) Admin group associated with your Active Directory. This field is required if `ACTIVE_DIRECTORY` is the selected authentication method of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `author_group` - (Optional) Author group associated with your Active Directory.
* `aws_account_id` - (Optional) AWS account ID hosting the QuickSight account. Default to provider account.
* `contact_number` - (Optional) A 10-digit phone number for the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `directory_id` - (Optional) Active Directory ID that is associated with your Amazon QuickSight account.
* `email_address` - (Optional) Email address of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `first_name` - (Optional) First name of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `iam_identity_center_instance_arn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the IAM Identity Center instance.
* `last_name` - (Optional) Last name of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `ENTERPPRISE_AND_Q` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `reader_group` - (Optional) Reader group associated with your Active Direcrtory.
* `realm` - (Optional) Realm of the Active Directory that is associated with your Amazon QuickSight account.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `account_subscription_status` - Status of the Amazon QuickSight account's subscription.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10m`)
* `delete` - (Default `10m`)

## Import

You cannot import this resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-6814e7a35693f8c5c6631a3a5eae738a826b652a72b3cfb8a4b0731b50c2c7fb -->