---
subcategory: "Redshift Serverless"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_redshiftserverless_namespace"
description: |-
  Provides a Redshift Serverless Namespace resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_redshiftserverless_namespace

Creates a new Amazon Redshift Serverless Namespace.

-> **Note:** Write-Only argument `admin_password_wo` is available to use in place of `admin_password`. Write-Only arguments are supported in HashiCorp Terraform 1.11.0 and later. [Learn more](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/v1.11.x/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments).

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.redshiftserverless_namespace import RedshiftserverlessNamespace
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        RedshiftserverlessNamespace(self, "example",
            namespace_name="concurrency-scaling"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `admin_password_secret_kms_key_id` - (Optional) ID of the KMS key used to encrypt the namespace's admin credentials secret.
* `admin_user_password` - (Optional) The password of the administrator for the first database created in the namespace.
  Conflicts with `manage_admin_password` and `admin_user_password_wo`.
* `admin_user_password_wo` - (Optional, Write-Only) The password of the administrator for the first database created in the namespace.
  Conflicts with `manage_admin_password` and `admin_user_password`.
* `admin_user_password_wo_version` - (Optional) Used together with `admin_user_password_wo` to trigger an update. Increment this value when an update to the `admin_user_password_wo` is required
* `admin_username` - (Optional) The username of the administrator for the first database created in the namespace.
* `db_name` - (Optional) The name of the first database created in the namespace.
* `default_iam_role_arn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to set as a default in the namespace. When specifying `default_iam_role_arn`, it also must be part of `iam_roles`.
* `iam_roles` - (Optional) A list of IAM roles to associate with the namespace.
* `kms_key_id` - (Optional) The ARN of the Amazon Web Services Key Management Service key used to encrypt your data.
* `log_exports` - (Optional) The types of logs the namespace can export. Available export types are `userlog`, `connectionlog`, and `useractivitylog`.
* `namespace_name` - (Required) The name of the namespace.
* `manage_admin_password` - (Optional) Whether to use AWS SecretManager to manage namespace's admin credentials.
  Conflicts with `admin_user_password` and `admin_user_password_wo`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `admin_password_secret_arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of namespace's admin user credentials secret.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Redshift Serverless Namespace.
* `id` - The Redshift Namespace Name.
* `namespace_id` - The Redshift Namespace ID.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Redshift Serverless Namespaces using the `namespace_name`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.redshiftserverless_namespace import RedshiftserverlessNamespace
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        RedshiftserverlessNamespace.generate_config_for_import(self, "example", "example")
```

Using `terraform import`, import Redshift Serverless Namespaces using the `namespace_name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_redshiftserverless_namespace.example example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-a7fa84b26a505d053ab1a264484c942dfcffb8ab785d1ec48be4868cb5fe59bf -->