---
subcategory: "S3 Control"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3_account_public_access_block"
description: |-
  Manages S3 account-level Public Access Block Configuration
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_s3_account_public_access_block

Manages S3 account-level Public Access Block configuration. For more information about these settings, see the [AWS S3 Block Public Access documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/access-control-block-public-access.html).

~> **NOTE:** Each AWS account may only have one S3 Public Access Block configuration. Multiple configurations of the resource against the same AWS account will cause a perpetual difference.

-> Advanced usage: To use a custom API endpoint for this Terraform resource, use the [`s3control` endpoint provider configuration](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#s3control), not the `s3` endpoint provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.s3_account_public_access_block import S3AccountPublicAccessBlock
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        S3AccountPublicAccessBlock(self, "example",
            block_public_acls=True,
            block_public_policy=True
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `account_id` - (Optional) AWS account ID to configure. Defaults to automatically determined account ID of the Terraform AWS provider.
* `block_public_acls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public ACLs for buckets in this account. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect existing policies or ACLs. When set to `true` causes the following behavior:
    * PUT Bucket acl and PUT Object acl calls will fail if the specified ACL allows public access.
    * PUT Object calls fail if the request includes a public ACL.
* `block_public_policy` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should block public bucket policies for buckets in this account. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect existing bucket policies. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Reject calls to PUT Bucket policy if the specified bucket policy allows public access.
* `ignore_public_acls` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should ignore public ACLs for buckets in this account. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect the persistence of any existing ACLs and doesn't prevent new public ACLs from being set. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Ignore all public ACLs on buckets in this account and any objects that they contain.
* `restrict_public_buckets` - (Optional) Whether Amazon S3 should restrict public bucket policies for buckets in this account. Defaults to `false`. Enabling this setting does not affect previously stored bucket policies, except that public and cross-account access within any public bucket policy, including non-public delegation to specific accounts, is blocked. When set to `true`:
    * Only the bucket owner and AWS Services can access buckets with public policies.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - AWS account ID

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import `aws_s3_account_public_access_block` using the AWS account ID. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import `aws_s3_account_public_access_block` using the AWS account ID. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_s3_account_public_access_block.example 123456789012
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-0e7f009405cc9f18e00601a618698df4875b5d3f926795da6704f8e3a7160217 -->