---
subcategory: "Security Lake"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_securitylake_subscriber"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS Security Lake Subscriber.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_securitylake_subscriber

Terraform resource for managing an AWS Security Lake Subscriber.

~> **NOTE:** The underlying `aws_securitylake_data_lake` must be configured before creating the `aws_securitylake_subscriber`. Use a `depends_on` statement.

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.securitylake_subscriber import SecuritylakeSubscriber
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        SecuritylakeSubscriber(self, "example",
            access_type="S3",
            depends_on=[aws_securitylake_data_lake_example],
            source=[SecuritylakeSubscriberSource(
                aws_log_source_resource=[SecuritylakeSubscriberSourceAwsLogSourceResource(
                    source_name="ROUTE53",
                    source_version="1.0"
                )
                ]
            )
            ],
            subscriber_identity=[SecuritylakeSubscriberSubscriberIdentity(
                external_id="example",
                principal="1234567890"
            )
            ],
            subscriber_name="example-name"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `source` - (Required) The supported AWS services from which logs and events are collected. Security Lake supports log and event collection for natively supported AWS services.
* `subscriber_identity` - (Required) The AWS identity used to access your data.
* `subscriber_description` - (Optional) The description for your subscriber account in Security Lake.
* `subscriber_name` - (Optional) The name of your Security Lake subscriber account.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value map of resource tags. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Subsciber Identity support the following:

* `external_id` - (Required) The AWS Regions where Security Lake is automatically enabled.
* `principal` - (Required) Provides encryption details of Amazon Security Lake object.

Sources support the following:

* `aws_log_source_resource` - (Optional) Amazon Security Lake supports log and event collection for natively supported AWS services.
* `custom_log_source_resource` - (Optional) Amazon Security Lake supports custom source types.

AWS Log Source Resource support the following:

* `source_name` - (Required) Provides data expiration details of Amazon Security Lake object.
* `source_version` - (Optional) Provides data storage transition details of Amazon Security Lake object.

Custom Log Source Resource support the following:

* `source_name` - (Required) The name for a third-party custom source. This must be a Regionally unique value.
* `source_version` - (Optional) The version for a third-party custom source. This must be a Regionally unique value.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the Data Lake.
* `id` - The Subscriber ID of the subscriber.
* `s3_bucket_arn` - The ARN for the Amazon Security Lake Amazon S3 bucket.
* `resource_share_arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) which uniquely defines the AWS RAM resource share. Before accepting the RAM resource share invitation, you can view details related to the RAM resource share.
* `role_arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the role of the subscriber.
* `subscriber_endpoint` - The subscriber endpoint to which exception messages are posted.
* `subscriber_status` - The subscriber status of the Amazon Security Lake subscriber account.
* `resource_share_name` - The name of the resource share.
* `attributes` - The attributes of a third-party custom source.
    * `crawler_arn` - The ARN of the AWS Glue crawler.
    * `database_arn` - The ARN of the AWS Glue database where results are written.
    * `table_arn` - The ARN of the AWS Glue table.
* `provider_details` - The details of the log provider for a third-party custom source.
    * `location` - The location of the partition in the Amazon S3 bucket for Security Lake.
    * `role_arn` - The ARN of the IAM role to be used by the entity putting logs into your custom source partition.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `60m`)
* `update` - (Default `180m`)
* `delete` - (Default `90m`)

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import Security Lake subscriber using the subscriber ID. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.securitylake_subscriber import SecuritylakeSubscriber
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        SecuritylakeSubscriber.generate_config_for_import(self, "example", "9f3bfe79-d543-474d-a93c-f3846805d208")
```

Using `terraform import`, import Security Lake subscriber using the subscriber ID. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_securitylake_subscriber.example 9f3bfe79-d543-474d-a93c-f3846805d208
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-adae7fb43bec9bf95f06899477ef90c1e3a86066153b0c369bea3746f16d0e49 -->