---
subcategory: "SES (Simple Email)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ses_receipt_rule"
description: |-
  Provides an SES receipt rule resource
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_ses_receipt_rule

Provides an SES receipt rule resource

## Example Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.ses_receipt_rule import SesReceiptRule
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        SesReceiptRule(self, "store",
            add_header_action=[SesReceiptRuleAddHeaderAction(
                header_name="Custom-Header",
                header_value="Added by SES",
                position=1
            )
            ],
            enabled=True,
            name="store",
            recipients=["karen@example.com"],
            rule_set_name="default-rule-set",
            s3_action=[SesReceiptRuleS3Action(
                bucket_name="emails",
                position=2
            )
            ],
            scan_enabled=True
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the rule
* `rule_set_name` - (Required) The name of the rule set
* `after` - (Optional) The name of the rule to place this rule after
* `enabled` - (Optional) If true, the rule will be enabled
* `recipients` - (Optional) A list of email addresses
* `scan_enabled` - (Optional) If true, incoming emails will be scanned for spam and viruses
* `tls_policy` - (Optional) `Require` or `Optional`
* `add_header_action` - (Optional) A list of Add Header Action blocks. Documented below.
* `bounce_action` - (Optional) A list of Bounce Action blocks. Documented below.
* `lambda_action` - (Optional) A list of Lambda Action blocks. Documented below.
* `s3_action` - (Optional) A list of S3 Action blocks. Documented below.
* `sns_action` - (Optional) A list of SNS Action blocks. Documented below.
* `stop_action` - (Optional) A list of Stop Action blocks. Documented below.
* `workmail_action` - (Optional) A list of WorkMail Action blocks. Documented below.

Add header actions support the following:

* `header_name` - (Required) The name of the header to add
* `header_value` - (Required) The value of the header to add
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

Bounce actions support the following:

* `message` - (Required) The message to send
* `sender` - (Required) The email address of the sender
* `smtp_reply_code` - (Required) The RFC 5321 SMTP reply code
* `status_code` - (Optional) The RFC 3463 SMTP enhanced status code
* `topic_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

Lambda actions support the following:

* `function_arn` - (Required) The ARN of the Lambda function to invoke
* `invocation_type` - (Optional) `Event` or `RequestResponse`
* `topic_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

S3 actions support the following:

* `bucket_name` - (Required) The name of the S3 bucket
* `kms_key_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of the KMS key
* `object_key_prefix` - (Optional) The key prefix of the S3 bucket
* `topic_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

SNS actions support the following:

* `topic_arn` - (Required) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule
* `encoding` - (Optional) The encoding to use for the email within the Amazon SNS notification. Default value is `UTF-8`.

Stop actions support the following:

* `scope` - (Required) The scope to apply. The only acceptable value is `RuleSet`.
* `topic_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

WorkMail actions support the following:

* `organization_arn` - (Required) The ARN of the WorkMail organization
* `topic_arn` - (Optional) The ARN of an SNS topic to notify
* `position` - (Required) The position of the action in the receipt rule

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - The SES receipt rule name.
* `arn` - The SES receipt rule ARN.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import SES receipt rules using the ruleset name and rule name separated by `:`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import SES receipt rules using the ruleset name and rule name separated by `:`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_ses_receipt_rule.my_rule my_rule_set:my_rule
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-ab45199c3afbc7c5a3c72ec3d4ff7c87e01a23be591b82978865a7ece9fb3494 -->