---
subcategory: "SESv2 (Simple Email V2)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sesv2_configuration_set"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_sesv2_configuration_set

Terraform resource for managing an AWS SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
#
# Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
#
from imports.aws.sesv2_configuration_set import Sesv2ConfigurationSet
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        Sesv2ConfigurationSet(self, "example",
            configuration_set_name="example",
            delivery_options=Sesv2ConfigurationSetDeliveryOptions(
                tls_policy="REQUIRE"
            ),
            reputation_options=Sesv2ConfigurationSetReputationOptions(
                reputation_metrics_enabled=False
            ),
            sending_options=Sesv2ConfigurationSetSendingOptions(
                sending_enabled=True
            ),
            suppression_options=Sesv2ConfigurationSetSuppressionOptions(
                suppressed_reasons=["BOUNCE", "COMPLAINT"]
            ),
            tracking_options=Sesv2ConfigurationSetTrackingOptions(
                custom_redirect_domain="example.com"
            )
        )
```

## Argument Reference

This resource supports the following arguments:

* `configuration_set_name` - (Required) The name of the configuration set.
* `delivery_options` - (Optional) An object that defines the dedicated IP pool that is used to send emails that you send using the configuration set.
* `reputation_options` - (Optional) An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES collects reputation metrics for the emails that you send that use the configuration set.
* `sending_options` - (Optional) An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES can send email that you send using the configuration set.
* `suppression_options` - (Optional) An object that contains information about the suppression list preferences for your account.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the service. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `tracking_options` - (Optional) An object that defines the open and click tracking options for emails that you send using the configuration set.
* `vdm_options` - (Optional) An object that defines the VDM settings that apply to emails that you send using the configuration set.

### delivery_options

This argument supports the following arguments:

* `sending_pool_name` - (Optional) The name of the dedicated IP pool to associate with the configuration set.
* `tls_policy` - (Optional) Specifies whether messages that use the configuration set are required to use Transport Layer Security (TLS). Valid values: `REQUIRE`, `OPTIONAL`.

### reputation_options

This argument supports the following arguments:

* `reputation_metrics_enabled` - (Optional) If `true`, tracking of reputation metrics is enabled for the configuration set. If `false`, tracking of reputation metrics is disabled for the configuration set.

### sending_options

This argument supports the following arguments:

* `sending_enabled` - (Optional) If `true`, email sending is enabled for the configuration set. If `false`, email sending is disabled for the configuration set.

### suppression_options

* `suppressed_reasons` - (Optional) A list that contains the reasons that email addresses are automatically added to the suppression list for your account. Valid values: `BOUNCE`, `COMPLAINT`.

### tracking_options

* `custom_redirect_domain` - (Required) The domain to use for tracking open and click events.

### vdm_options

* `dashboard_options` - (Optional) Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as applicable to the Dashboard.
* `guardian_options` - (Optional) Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as applicable to the Guardian.

### dashboard_options

* `engagement_metrics` - (Optional) Specifies the status of your VDM engagement metrics collection. Valid values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

### guardian_options

* `optimized_shared_delivery` - (Optional) Specifies the status of your VDM optimized shared delivery. Valid values: `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the Configuration Set.
* `reputation_options` - An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES collects reputation metrics for the emails that you send that use the configuration set.
    * `last_fresh_start` - The date and time (in Unix time) when the reputation metrics were last given a fresh start. When your account is given a fresh start, your reputation metrics are calculated starting from the date of the fresh start.

## Import

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) to import SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set using the `configuration_set_name`. For example:

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

Using `terraform import`, import SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set using the `configuration_set_name`. For example:

```console
% terraform import aws_sesv2_configuration_set.example example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-10e28775dfdb49d09b8bd0c0f6dc69fead8aab4b14b0a6b4b6476ac6de7c155d -->