---
subcategory: "API Gateway"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_api_gateway_domain_name"
description: |-
 Get information on a custom domain name for use with AWS API Gateway.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_api_gateway_domain_name

Use this data source to get the custom domain name for use with AWS API Gateway.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsApiGatewayDomainName } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-api-gateway-domain-name";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsApiGatewayDomainName(this, "example", {
      domainName: "api.example.com",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `domainName` - (Required) Fully-qualified domain name to look up. If no domain name is found, an error will be returned.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the found custom domain name.
* `certificateArn` - ARN for an AWS-managed certificate that is used by edge-optimized endpoint for this domain name.
* `certificateName` - Name of the certificate that is used by edge-optimized endpoint for this domain name.
* `certificateUploadDate` - Upload date associated with the domain certificate.
* `cloudfrontDomainName` - Hostname created by Cloudfront to represent the distribution that implements this domain name mapping.
* `cloudfrontZoneId` - For convenience, the hosted zone ID (`Z2FDTNDATAQYW2`) that can be used to create a Route53 alias record for the distribution.
* `endpointConfiguration` - List of objects with the endpoint configuration of this domain name.
    * `types` - List of endpoint types.
* `regionalCertificateArn` - ARN for an AWS-managed certificate that is used for validating the regional domain name.
* `regionalCertificateName` - User-friendly name of the certificate that is used by regional endpoint for this domain name.
* `regionalDomainName` - Hostname for the custom domain's regional endpoint.
* `regionalZoneId` - Hosted zone ID that can be used to create a Route53 alias record for the regional endpoint.
* `securityPolicy` - Security policy for the domain name.
* `tags` - Key-value map of tags for the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-ec3ad0e8dda61e42fd75917952379778e983a6bf94a2c3f251ea482b57cbc3ed -->