---
subcategory: "Backup"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_backup_report_plan"
description: |-
  Provides details about an AWS Backup Report Plan.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_backup_report_plan

Use this data source to get information on an existing backup report plan.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsBackupReportPlan } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-backup-report-plan";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsBackupReportPlan(this, "example", {
      name: "tf_example_backup_report_plan_name",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Backup report plan name.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the backup report plan.
* `creationTime` - Date and time that a report plan is created, in Unix format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `deploymentStatus` - Deployment status of a report plan. The statuses are: `CREATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `UPDATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `DELETE_IN_PROGRESS` | `COMPLETED`.
* `description` - Description of the report plan.
* `id` - ID of the report plan.
* `reportDeliveryChannel` - An object that contains information about where and how to deliver your reports, specifically your Amazon S3 bucket name, S3 key prefix, and the formats of your reports. Detailed below.
* `reportSetting` - An object that identifies the report template for the report. Reports are built using a report template. Detailed below.
* `tags` - Metadata that you can assign to help organize the report plans you create.

### Report Delivery Channel Attributes

`reportDeliveryChannel` has the following attributes:

* `formats` - List of the format of your reports: CSV, JSON, or both.
* `s3BucketName` - Unique name of the S3 bucket that receives your reports.
* `s3KeyPrefix` - Prefix for where Backup Audit Manager delivers your reports to Amazon S3. The prefix is this part of the following path: s3://your-bucket-name/prefix/Backup/us-west-2/year/month/day/report-name.

### Report Setting Attributes

`reportSetting` has the following attributes:

* `accounts` - (Optional) Specifies the list of accounts a report covers.
* `frameworkArns` - ARNs of the frameworks a report covers.
* `numberOfFrameworks` - Specifies the number of frameworks a report covers.
* `organizationUnits` - (Optional) Specifies the list of Organizational Units a report covers.
* `regions` - (Optional) Specifies the list of regions a report covers.
* `reportTemplate` - Identifies the report template for the report. Reports are built using a report template.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-bb9ee564d7e610ad5a515bf5d6d41add676ed63ed91647947ed5d6fcd34dde46 -->