---
subcategory: "Backup"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_backup_framework"
description: |-
  Provides details about an AWS Backup Framework.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_backup_framework

Use this data source to get information on an existing backup framework.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsBackupFramework } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-backup-framework";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsBackupFramework(this, "example", {
      name: "tf_example_backup_framework_name",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Backup framework name.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the backup framework.
* `control` - One or more control blocks that make up the framework. Each control in the list has a name, input parameters, and scope. Detailed below.
* `creationTime` - Date and time that a framework is created, in Unix format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `deploymentStatus` - Deployment status of a framework. The statuses are: `CREATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `UPDATE_IN_PROGRESS` | `DELETE_IN_PROGRESS` | `COMPLETED`| `FAILED`.
* `description` - Description of the framework.
* `id` - ID of the framework.
* `status` - Framework consists of one or more controls. Each control governs a resource, such as backup plans, backup selections, backup vaults, or recovery points. You can also turn AWS Config recording on or off for each resource. The statuses are: `ACTIVE`, `PARTIALLY_ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE`, `UNAVAILABLE`. For more information refer to the [AWS documentation for Framework Status](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/API_DescribeFramework.html#Backup-DescribeFramework-response-FrameworkStatus)
* `tags` - Metadata that helps organize the frameworks you create.

### Control Attributes

`control` has the following attributes:

* `inputParameter` - One or more input parameter blocks. An example of a control with two parameters is: "backup plan frequency is at least daily and the retention period is at least 1 year". The first parameter is daily. The second parameter is 1 year. Detailed below.
* `name` - Name of a control.
* `scope` - Scope of a control. The control scope defines what the control will evaluate. Three examples of control scopes are: a specific backup plan, all backup plans with a specific tag, or all backup plans. Detailed below.

### Input Parameter Attributes

`inputParameter` has the following attributes:

* `name` - Name of a parameter, for example, BackupPlanFrequency.
* `value` - Value of parameter, for example, hourly.

### Scope Attributes

`scope` has the following attributes:

* `complianceResourceIds` - The ID of the only AWS resource that you want your control scope to contain.
* `complianceResourceTypes` - Describes whether the control scope includes one or more types of resources, such as EFS or RDS.
* `tags` - Tag key-value pair applied to those AWS resources that you want to trigger an evaluation for a rule. A maximum of one key-value pair can be provided.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-070382f6ead1d1cc0b69de2f856a82f41ed348235bed7c03c3b9216ebaf43096 -->