---
subcategory: "Batch"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_batch_job_queue"
description: |-
    Provides details about a batch job queue
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_batch_job_queue

The Batch Job Queue data source allows access to details of a specific
job queue within AWS Batch.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsBatchJobQueue } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-batch-job-queue";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsBatchJobQueue(this, "test-queue", {
      name: "tf-test-batch-job-queue",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the job queue.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the job queue.
* `schedulingPolicyArn` - The ARN of the fair share scheduling policy. If this attribute has a value, the job queue uses a fair share scheduling policy. If this attribute does not have a value, the job queue uses a first in, first out (FIFO) scheduling policy.
* `status` - Current status of the job queue (for example, `CREATING` or `VALID`).
* `statusReason` - Short, human-readable string to provide additional details about the current status
    of the job queue.
* `state` - Describes the ability of the queue to accept new jobs (for example, `ENABLED` or `DISABLED`).
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags
* `priority` - Priority of the job queue. Job queues with a higher priority are evaluated first when
    associated with the same compute environment.
* `computeEnvironmentOrder` - The compute environments that are attached to the job queue and the order in
    which job placement is preferred. Compute environments are selected for job placement in ascending order.
    * `compute_environment_order.#.order` - The order of the compute environment.
    * `compute_environment_order.#.compute_environment` - The ARN of the compute environment.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-458fa4c54b7533c202af979978ce3bfb9fac6c2e69a836bcfd612403c16fe74e -->