---
subcategory: "Bedrock"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_bedrock_custom_model"
description: |-
  Returns properties of a specific Amazon Bedrock custom model.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_bedrock_custom_model

Returns properties of a specific Amazon Bedrock custom model.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsBedrockCustomModel } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-bedrock-custom-model";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsBedrockCustomModel(this, "test", {
      modelId:
        "arn:aws:bedrock:us-west-2:123456789012:custom-model/amazon.titan-text-express-v1:0:8k/ly16hhi765j4 ",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `modelId` – (Required) Name or ARN of the custom model.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `baseModelArn` - ARN of the base model.
* `creationTime` - Creation time of the model.
* `hyperparameters` - Hyperparameter values associated with this model.
* `jobArn` - Job ARN associated with this model.
* `jobName` - Job name associated with this model.
* `jobTags` - Key-value mapping of tags for the fine-tuning job.
* `modelArn` - ARN associated with this model.
* `modelKmsKeyArn` - The custom model is encrypted at rest using this key.
* `modelName` - Model name associated with this model.
* `modelTags` - Key-value mapping of tags for the model.
* `outputDataConfig` - Output data configuration associated with this custom model.
    * `s3Uri` - The S3 URI where the output data is stored.
* `trainingDataConfig` - Information about the training dataset.
    * `s3Uri` - The S3 URI where the training data is stored.
* `trainingMetrics` - Metrics associated with the customization job.
    * `training_loss` - Loss metric associated with the customization job.
* `validationDataConfig` - Information about the validation dataset.
    * `validator` - Information about the validators.
        * `s3Uri` - The S3 URI where the validation data is stored..
* `validationMetrics` - The loss metric for each validator that you provided.
    * `validation_loss` - The validation loss associated with the validator.
  
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-a690dde54b43034f963fb882a55edf456a82a6fff0d72e2dd7e489d45c4e07cb -->