---
subcategory: "CloudHSM"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudhsm_v2_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information on a CloudHSM v2 cluster.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_cloudhsm_v2_cluster

Use this data source to get information about a CloudHSM v2 cluster

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsCloudhsmV2Cluster } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-cloudhsm-v2-cluster";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsCloudhsmV2Cluster(this, "cluster", {
      clusterId: "cluster-testclusterid",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `clusterId` - (Required) ID of Cloud HSM v2 cluster.
* `clusterState` - (Optional) State of the cluster to be found.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `vpcId` - ID of the VPC that the CloudHSM cluster resides in.
* `securityGroupId` - ID of the security group associated with the CloudHSM cluster.
* `subnetIds` - IDs of subnets in which cluster operates.
* `clusterCertificates` - The list of cluster certificates.
    * `cluster_certificates.0.cluster_certificate` - The cluster certificate issued (signed) by the issuing certificate authority (CA) of the cluster's owner.
    * `cluster_certificates.0.cluster_csr` - The certificate signing request (CSR). Available only in UNINITIALIZED state.
    * `cluster_certificates.0.aws_hardware_certificate` - The HSM hardware certificate issued (signed) by AWS CloudHSM.
    * `cluster_certificates.0.hsm_certificate` - The HSM certificate issued (signed) by the HSM hardware.
    * `cluster_certificates.0.manufacturer_hardware_certificate` - The HSM hardware certificate issued (signed) by the hardware manufacturer.
The number of available cluster certificates may vary depending on state of the cluster.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-cafc753026d5e76ff2fae8fcd6781f60ca5e79de76e720cef8a6975659131495 -->