---
subcategory: "CloudFormation"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudformation_type"
description: |-
    Provides details about a CloudFormation Type.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_cloudformation_type

Provides details about a CloudFormation Type.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsCloudformationType } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-cloudformation-type";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsCloudformationType(this, "example", {
      type: "RESOURCE",
      typeName: "AWS::Athena::WorkGroup",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `arn` - (Optional) ARN of the CloudFormation Type. For example, `arn:aws:cloudformation:us-west-2::type/resource/AWS-EC2-VPC`.
* `type` - (Optional) CloudFormation Registry Type. For example, `RESOURCE`.
* `typeName` - (Optional) CloudFormation Type name. For example, `AWS::EC2::VPC`.
* `versionId` - (Optional) Identifier of the CloudFormation Type version.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `defaultVersionId` - Identifier of the CloudFormation Type default version.
* `deprecatedStatus` - Deprecation status of the CloudFormation Type.
* `description` - Description of the CloudFormation Type.
* `documentationUrl` - URL of the documentation for the CloudFormation Type.
* `executionRoleArn` - ARN of the IAM Role used to register the CloudFormation Type.
* `isDefaultVersion` - Whether the CloudFormation Type version is the default version.
* `loggingConfig` - List of objects containing logging configuration.
    * `logGroupName` - Name of the CloudWatch Log Group where CloudFormation sends error logging information when invoking the type's handlers.
    * `logRoleArn` - ARN of the IAM Role CloudFormation assumes when sending error logging information to CloudWatch Logs.
* `provisioningType` - Provisioning behavior of the CloudFormation Type.
* `schema` - JSON document of the CloudFormation Type schema.
* `sourceUrl` - URL of the source code for the CloudFormation Type.
* `visibility` - Scope of the CloudFormation Type.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-dbfea51aa26b3fcf5acdfa155004e8f1f27058ce9b62acf8eba0a37e7a8775f5 -->