---
subcategory: "Cognito IDP (Identity Provider)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cognito_user_pool_client"
description: |-
  Provides a Cognito User Pool Client
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_cognito_user_pool_client

Provides a Cognito User Pool Client resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsCognitoUserPoolClient } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-cognito-user-pool-client";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsCognitoUserPoolClient(this, "client", {
      clientId: "38fjsnc484p94kpqsnet7mpld0",
      userPoolId: "us-west-2_aaaaaaaaa",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `clientId` - (Required) Client Id of the user pool.
* `userPoolId` - (Required) User pool the client belongs to.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `accessTokenValidity` - (Optional) Time limit, between 5 minutes and 1 day, after which the access token is no longer valid and cannot be used. This value will be overridden if you have entered a value in `tokenValidityUnits`.
* `allowedOauthFlowsUserPoolClient` - (Optional) Whether the client is allowed to follow the OAuth protocol when interacting with Cognito user pools.
* `allowedOauthFlows` - (Optional) List of allowed OAuth flows (code, implicit, client_credentials).
* `allowedOauthScopes` - (Optional) List of allowed OAuth scopes (phone, email, openid, profile, and aws.cognito.signin.user.admin).
* `analyticsConfiguration` - (Optional) Configuration block for Amazon Pinpoint analytics for collecting metrics for this user pool. [Detailed below](#analytics_configuration).
* `callbackUrls` - (Optional) List of allowed callback URLs for the identity providers.
* `clientSecret` - Client secret of the user pool client.
* `defaultRedirectUri` - (Optional) Default redirect URI. Must be in the list of callback URLs.
* `enableTokenRevocation` - (Optional) Enables or disables token revocation.
* `explicitAuthFlows` - (Optional) List of authentication flows (ADMIN_NO_SRP_AUTH, CUSTOM_AUTH_FLOW_ONLY, USER_PASSWORD_AUTH, ALLOW_ADMIN_USER_PASSWORD_AUTH, ALLOW_CUSTOM_AUTH, ALLOW_USER_PASSWORD_AUTH, ALLOW_USER_SRP_AUTH, ALLOW_REFRESH_TOKEN_AUTH).
* `generateSecret` - (Optional) Should an application secret be generated.
* `idTokenValidity` - (Optional) Time limit, between 5 minutes and 1 day, after which the ID token is no longer valid and cannot be used. This value will be overridden if you have entered a value in `tokenValidityUnits`.
* `logoutUrls` - (Optional) List of allowed logout URLs for the identity providers.
* `preventUserExistenceErrors` - (Optional) Choose which errors and responses are returned by Cognito APIs during authentication, account confirmation, and password recovery when the user does not exist in the user pool. When set to `ENABLED` and the user does not exist, authentication returns an error indicating either the username or password was incorrect, and account confirmation and password recovery return a response indicating a code was sent to a simulated destination. When set to `LEGACY`, those APIs will return a `UserNotFoundException` exception if the user does not exist in the user pool.
* `readAttributes` - (Optional) List of user pool attributes the application client can read from.
* `refreshTokenRotation` - (Optional) A block that specifies the configuration of refresh token rotation. [Detailed below](#refresh_token_rotation).
* `refreshTokenValidity` - (Optional) Time limit in days refresh tokens are valid for.
* `supportedIdentityProviders` - (Optional) List of provider names for the identity providers that are supported on this client. Uses the `providerName` attribute of `aws_cognito_identity_provider` resource(s), or the equivalent string(s).
* `tokenValidityUnits` - (Optional) Configuration block for units in which the validity times are represented in. [Detailed below](#token_validity_units).
* `writeAttributes` - (Optional) List of user pool attributes the application client can write to.

### analytics_configuration

Either `applicationArn` or `applicationId` is required.

* `applicationArn` - (Optional) Application ARN for an Amazon Pinpoint application. Conflicts with `externalId` and `roleArn`.
* `applicationId` - (Optional) Application ID for an Amazon Pinpoint application.
* `externalId` - (Optional) ID for the Analytics Configuration. Conflicts with `applicationArn`.
* `roleArn` - (Optional) ARN of an IAM role that authorizes Amazon Cognito to publish events to Amazon Pinpoint analytics. Conflicts with `applicationArn`.
* `userDataShared` (Optional) If set to `true`, Amazon Cognito will include user data in the events it publishes to Amazon Pinpoint analytics.

### refresh_token_rotation

* `feature` - (Required) The state of refresh token rotation for the current app client. Valid values are `ENABLED` or `DISABLED`.
* `retryGracePeriodSeconds` - (Optional) A period of time in seconds that the user has to use the old refresh token before it is invalidated. Valid values are between `0` and `60`.

### token_validity_units

Valid values for the following arguments are: `seconds`, `minutes`, `hours` or `days`.

* `accessToken` - (Optional) Time unit in for the value in `accessTokenValidity`, defaults to `hours`.
* `idToken` - (Optional) Time unit in for the value in `idTokenValidity`, defaults to `hours`.
* `refreshToken` - (Optional) Time unit in for the value in `refreshTokenValidity`, defaults to `days`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-a77c3f0618b50a7a9868f6e814abe3c30876a0e8581bc9a4883523863cdc1dda -->