---
subcategory: "RDS (Relational Database)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_db_proxy"
description: |-
  Get information on a DB Proxy.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_db_proxy

Use this data source to get information about a DB Proxy.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsDbProxy } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-db-proxy";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsDbProxy(this, "proxy", {
      name: "my-test-db-proxy",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `name` - (Required) Name of the DB proxy.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the DB Proxy.
* `auth` - Configuration(s) with authorization mechanisms to connect to the associated instance or cluster.
* `debugLogging` - Whether the proxy includes detailed information about SQL statements in its logs.
* `default_auth_scheme` - Default authentication scheme that the proxy uses for client connections to the proxy and connections from the proxy to the underlying database.
* `endpoint` - Endpoint that you can use to connect to the DB proxy.
* `engineFamily` - Kinds of databases that the proxy can connect to.
* `idleClientTimeout` - Number of seconds a connection to the proxy can have no activity before the proxy drops the client connection.
* `requireTls` - Whether Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption is required for connections to the proxy.
* `roleArn` - ARN for the IAM role that the proxy uses to access Amazon Secrets Manager.
* `vpcId` - Provides the VPC ID of the DB proxy.
* `vpcSecurityGroupIds` - Provides a list of VPC security groups that the proxy belongs to.
* `vpcSubnetIds` - EC2 subnet IDs for the proxy.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-2d7107af0b40b25e985e6a5808abdb4493f3c83631c51bca95c34e0824918c71 -->