---
subcategory: "DMS (Database Migration)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_dms_replication_instance"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing an AWS DMS (Database Migration) Replication Instance.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_dms_replication_instance

Terraform data source for managing an AWS DMS (Database Migration) Replication Instance.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsDmsReplicationInstance } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-dms-replication-instance";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsDmsReplicationInstance(this, "test", {
      replicationInstanceId: Token.asString(
        awsDmsReplicationInstanceTest.replicationInstanceId
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `replicationInstanceId` - (Required) The replication instance identifier.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `allocatedStorage` - The amount of storage (in gigabytes) to be initially allocated for the replication instance.
* `autoMinorVersionUpgrade` - Indicates that minor engine upgrades will be applied automatically to the replication instance during the maintenance window.
* `availabilityZone` - The EC2 Availability Zone that the replication instance will be created in.
* `engineVersion` - The engine version number of the replication instance.
* `kmsKeyArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the KMS key used to encrypt the connection parameters.
* `multiAz` - Specifies if the replication instance is a multi-az deployment.
* `networkType` - The type of IP address protocol used by the replication instance.
* `preferredMaintenanceWindow` - The weekly time range during which system maintenance can occur, in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC).
* `publiclyAccessible` - Specifies the accessibility options for the replication instance. A value of true represents an instance with a public IP address. A value of false represents an instance with a private IP address.
* `replicationInstanceArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the replication instance.
* `replicationInstanceClass` - The compute and memory capacity of the replication instance as specified by the replication instance class. See [AWS DMS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_ReplicationInstance.Types.html) for information on instance classes.
* `replicationInstancePrivateIps` - A list of the private IP addresses of the replication instance.
* `replicationInstancePublicIps` - A list of the public IP addresses of the replication instance.
* `replicationSubnetGroupId` - A subnet group to associate with the replication instance.
* `vpcSecurityGroupIds` - A set of VPC security group IDs that are used with the replication instance.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-5aba05f196697c06b58151a68778040ed73677e99368add1ba52d699e7516fbc -->