---
subcategory: "EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ec2_instance_type"
description: |-
  Information about single EC2 Instance Type.
---



<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ec2_instance_type

Get characteristics for a single EC2 Instance Type.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsEc2InstanceType } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-ec2-instance-type";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsEc2InstanceType(this, "example", {
      instanceType: "t2.micro",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `instanceType` - (Required) Instance

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

~> **NOTE:** Not all attributes are set for every instance type.

* `autoRecoverySupported` - `true` if auto recovery is supported.
* `bareMetal` - `true` if it is a bare metal instance type.
* `burstablePerformanceSupported` - `true` if the instance type is a burstable performance instance type.
* `currentGeneration` - `true`  if the instance type is a current generation.
* `dedicatedHostsSupported` - `true` if Dedicated Hosts are supported on the instance type.
* `defaultCores` - Default number of cores for the instance type.
* `defaultThreadsPerCore` - The  default  number of threads per core for the instance type.
* `defaultVcpus` - Default number of vCPUs for the instance type.
* `ebsEncryptionSupport` - Indicates whether Amazon EBS encryption is supported.
* `ebsNvmeSupport` - Whether non-volatile memory express (NVMe) is supported.
* `ebsOptimizedSupport` - Indicates that the instance type is Amazon EBS-optimized.
* `ebsPerformanceBaselineBandwidth` - The baseline bandwidth performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in Mbps.
* `ebsPerformanceBaselineIops` - The baseline input/output storage operations per seconds for an EBS-optimized instance type.
* `ebsPerformanceBaselineThroughput` - The baseline throughput performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in MBps.
* `ebsPerformanceMaximumBandwidth` - The maximum bandwidth performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in Mbps.
* `ebsPerformanceMaximumIops` - The maximum input/output storage operations per second for an EBS-optimized instance type.
* `ebsPerformanceMaximumThroughput` - The maximum throughput performance for an EBS-optimized instance type, in MBps.
* `efaSupported` - Whether Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) is supported.
* `enaSupport` - Whether Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) is supported.
* `encryptionInTransitSupported` - Indicates whether encryption in-transit between instances is supported.
* `fpgas` - Describes the FPGA accelerator settings for the instance type.
    * `fpgas.#.count` - The count of FPGA accelerators for the instance type.
    * `fpgas.#.manufacturer` - The manufacturer of the FPGA accelerator.
    * `fpgas.#.memory_size` - The size (in MiB) for the memory available to the FPGA accelerator.
    * `fpgas.#.name` - The name of the FPGA accelerator.
* `freeTierEligible` - `true` if the instance type is eligible for the free tier.
* `gpus` - Describes the GPU accelerators for the instance type.
    * `gpus.#.count` - The number of GPUs for the instance type.
    * `gpus.#.manufacturer` - The manufacturer of the GPU accelerator.
    * `gpus.#.memory_size` - The size (in MiB) for the memory available to the GPU accelerator.
    * `gpus.#.name` - The name of the GPU accelerator.
* `hibernationSupported` - `true` if On-Demand hibernation is supported.
* `hypervisor` - Hypervisor used for the instance type.
* `inferenceAccelerators` Describes the Inference accelerators for the instance type.
    * `inference_accelerators.#.count` - The number of Inference accelerators for the instance type.
    * `inference_accelerators.#.manufacturer` - The manufacturer of the Inference accelerator.
    * `inference_accelerators.#.name` - The name of the Inference accelerator.
* `instanceDisks` - Describes the disks for the instance type.
    * `instance_disks.#.count` - The number of disks with this configuration.
    * `instance_disks.#.size` - The size of the disk in GB.
    * `instance_disks.#.type` - The type of disk.
* `instanceStorageSupported` - `true` if instance storage is supported.
* `ipv6Supported` - `true` if IPv6 is supported.
* `maximumIpv4AddressesPerInterface` - The maximum number of IPv4 addresses per network interface.
* `maximumIpv6AddressesPerInterface` - The maximum number of IPv6 addresses per network interface.
* `maximumNetworkInterfaces` - The maximum number of network interfaces for the instance type.
* `memorySize` - Size of the instance memory, in MiB.
* `networkPerformance` - Describes the network performance.
* `supportedArchitectures` - A list of architectures supported by the instance type.
* `supportedPlacementStrategies` - A list of supported placement groups types.
* `supportedRootDeviceTypes` - Indicates the supported root device types.
* `supportedUsagesClasses` - Indicates whether the instance type is offered for spot or On-Demand.
* `supportedVirtualizationTypes` - The supported virtualization types.
* `sustainedClockSpeed` - The speed of the processor, in GHz.
* `totalFpgaMemory` - Total memory of all FPGA accelerators for the instance type (in MiB).
* `totalGpuMemory` - Total size of the memory for the GPU accelerators for the instance type (in MiB).
* `totalInstanceStorage` - The total size of the instance disks, in GB.
* `validCores` - List of the valid number of cores that can be configured for the instance type.
* `validThreadsPerCore` - List of the valid number of threads per core that can be configured for the instance type.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `read` - (Default `20m`)

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-b7277db3a541ce0f8fed6f01d3571ab61e9905732dcb0c8ed05bebf2a1116184 -->