---
subcategory: "ECR (Elastic Container Registry)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ecr_repository_creation_template"
description: |-
  Provides details about an ECR Repository Creation Template
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ecr_repository_creation_template

The ECR Repository Creation Template data source allows the template details to be retrieved for a Repository Creation Template.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsEcrRepositoryCreationTemplate } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-ecr-repository-creation-template";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsEcrRepositoryCreationTemplate(this, "example", {
      prefix: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `prefix` - (Required) The repository name prefix that the template matches against.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `appliedFor` - Which features this template applies to. Contains one or more of `PULL_THROUGH_CACHE` or `REPLICATION`.
* `customRoleArn` - The ARN of the custom role used for repository creation.
* `description` - The description for this template.
* `encryptionConfiguration` - Encryption configuration for any created repositories. See [Encryption Configuration](#encryption-configuration) below.
* `imageTagMutability` - The tag mutability setting for any created repositories.
* `imageTagMutabilityExclusionFilter` - Block that defines filters to specify which image tags can override the default tag mutability setting.
* `lifecyclePolicy` - The lifecycle policy document to apply to any created repositories.
* `registryId` - The registry ID the repository creation template applies to.
* `repositoryPolicy` - The registry policy document to apply to any created repositories.
* `resourceTags` - A map of tags to assign to any created repositories.

### Encryption Configuration

* `encryptionType` - Encryption type to use for any created repositories, either `AES256` or `KMS`.
* `kmsKey` - If `encryptionType` is `KMS`, the ARN of the KMS key used.

### Image Tag Mutability Exclusion Filter

* `filter` - The filter pattern to use for excluding image tags from the mutability setting.
* `filterType` - The type of filter to use.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-c0dfec454d7833e695583f00e64db173355f88121792024f33c165d878d1041b -->