---
subcategory: "ECR (Elastic Container Registry)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ecr_repository"
description: |-
    Provides details about an ECR Repository
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ecr_repository

The ECR Repository data source allows the ARN, Repository URI and Registry ID to be retrieved for an ECR repository.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsEcrRepository } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-ecr-repository";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsEcrRepository(this, "service", {
      name: "ecr-repository",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `name` - (Required) Name of the ECR Repository.
* `registryId` - (Optional) Registry ID where the repository was created.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - Full ARN of the repository.
* `encryptionConfiguration` - Encryption configuration for the repository. See [Encryption Configuration](#encryption-configuration) below.
* `imageScanningConfiguration` - Configuration block that defines image scanning configuration for the repository. See [Image Scanning Configuration](#image-scanning-configuration) below.
* `imageTagMutability` - The tag mutability setting for the repository.
* `imageTagMutabilityExclusionFilter` - Block that defines filters to specify which image tags can override the default tag mutability setting.
* `mostRecentImageTags` - List of image tags associated with the most recently pushed image in the repository.
* `repositoryUrl` - URL of the repository (in the form `aws_account_id.dkr.ecr.region.amazonaws.com/repositoryName`).
* `tags` - Map of tags assigned to the resource.

### Encryption Configuration

* `encryptionType` - Encryption type to use for the repository, either `AES256` or `KMS`.
* `kmsKey` - If `encryptionType` is `KMS`, the ARN of the KMS key used.

### Image Tag Mutability Exclusion Filter

* `filter` - The filter pattern to use for excluding image tags from the mutability setting.
* `filterType` - The type of filter to use.

### Image Scanning Configuration

* `scanOnPush` - Whether images are scanned after being pushed to the repository.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-56f3cddd3296b9c5b4bfb408ef54b4d637116ed9ae4784eeba174efa9e302222 -->