---
subcategory: "ECS (Elastic Container)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ecs_service"
description: |-
    Provides details about an ecs service
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ecs_service

The ECS Service data source allows access to details of a specific
Service within a AWS ECS Cluster.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsEcsService } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-ecs-service";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsEcsService(this, "example", {
      clusterArn: Token.asString(dataAwsEcsClusterExample.arn),
      serviceName: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `serviceName` - (Required) Name of the ECS Service
* `clusterArn` - (Required) ARN of the ECS Cluster

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the ECS Service
* `desiredCount` - Number of tasks for the ECS Service
* `launchType` - Launch type for the ECS Service
* `loadBalancer` - Load balancers for the ECS Service. See [`loadBalancer` Block](#load_balancer-block) for details.
* `schedulingStrategy` - Scheduling strategy for the ECS Service
* `taskDefinition` - Family for the latest ACTIVE revision or full ARN of the task definition.
* `tags` - Resource tags.

### `loadBalancer` Block

The `loadBalancer` block exports the following attributes:

* `advancedConfiguration` - Settings for Blue/Green deployment. See [`advancedConfiguration` Block](#advanced_configuration-block) for details.
* `containerName` - Name of the container to associate with the load balancer.
* `containerPort` - Port on the container to associate with the load balancer.
* `elbName` - Name of the load balancer.
* `targetGroupArn` - ARN of the target group to associate with the load balancer.

### `advancedConfiguration` Block

The `advancedConfiguration` block exports the following attributes:

* `alternateTargetGroupArn` - ARN of the alternate target group to use for Blue/Green deployments.
* `productionListenerRule` - ARN of the listener rule that routes production traffic.
* `roleArn` - ARN of the IAM role that allows ECS to manage the target groups.
* `testListenerRule` - ARN of the listener rule that routes test traffic.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-a70bbb1a38c9b2974394dea73f8c9d75c00699f38008f9f5c14be54f730b4ec7 -->