---
subcategory: "ElastiCache"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_elasticache_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information on an ElastiCache Cluster resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_elasticache_cluster

Use this data source to get information about an ElastiCache Cluster

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsElasticacheCluster } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-elasticache-cluster";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsElasticacheCluster(this, "my_cluster", {
      clusterId: "my-cluster-id",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `clusterId` – (Required) Group identifier.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `nodeType` – The cluster node type.
* `numCacheNodes` – The number of cache nodes that the cache cluster has.
* `engine` – Name of the cache engine.
* `engineVersion` – Version number of the cache engine.
* `ipDiscovery` - The IP version advertised in the discovery protocol.
* `networkType` - The IP versions for cache cluster connections.
* `subnetGroupName` – Name of the subnet group associated to the cache cluster.
* `securityGroupIds` – List VPC security groups associated with the cache cluster.
* `parameterGroupName` – Name of the parameter group associated with this cache cluster.
* `replicationGroupId` - The replication group to which this cache cluster belongs.
* `logDeliveryConfiguration` - Redis [SLOWLOG](https://redis.io/commands/slowlog) or Redis [Engine Log](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/Log_Delivery.html#Log_contents-engine-log) delivery settings.
* `maintenanceWindow` – Specifies the weekly time range for when maintenance
on the cache cluster is performed.
* `snapshotWindow` - Daily time range (in UTC) during which ElastiCache will
begin taking a daily snapshot of the cache cluster.
* `snapshotRetentionLimit` - The number of days for which ElastiCache will
retain automatic cache cluster snapshots before deleting them.
* `availabilityZone` - Availability Zone for the cache cluster.
* `notificationTopicArn` – An ARN of an
SNS topic that ElastiCache notifications get sent to.
* `port` – The port number on which each of the cache nodes will
accept connections.
* `configurationEndpoint` - (Memcached only) Configuration endpoint to allow host discovery.
* `clusterAddress` - (Memcached only) DNS name of the cache cluster without the port appended.
* `preferredOutpostArn` - The outpost ARN in which the cache cluster was created if created in outpost.
* `cacheNodes` - List of node objects including `id`, `address`, `port`, `availabilityZone` and `outpostArn`.
   Referenceable e.g., as `${data.aws_elasticache_cluster.bar.cache_nodes.0.address}`
* `tags` - Tags assigned to the resource

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-1e3ac11eb5023a5844f4de255a62edd6fa79961694900996bd0798736ae27445 -->