---
subcategory: "Elasticsearch"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_elasticsearch_domain"
description: |-
  Get information on an Elasticsearch Domain resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_elasticsearch_domain

Use this data source to get information about an Elasticsearch Domain

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsElasticsearchDomain } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-elasticsearch-domain";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsElasticsearchDomain(this, "my_domain", {
      domainName: "my-domain-name",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `domainName` – (Required) Name of the domain.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `accessPolicies` – The policy document attached to the domain.
* `advancedOptions` - Key-value string pairs to specify advanced configuration options.
* `advancedSecurityOptions` - Status of the Elasticsearch domain's advanced security options. The block consists of the following attributes:
    * `enabled` - Whether advanced security is enabled.
    * `internalUserDatabaseEnabled` - Whether the internal user database is enabled.
* `arn` – The ARN of the domain.
* `autoTuneOptions` - Configuration of the Auto-Tune options of the domain.
    * `desiredState` - The Auto-Tune desired state for the domain.
    * `maintenanceSchedule` - A list of the nested configurations for the Auto-Tune maintenance windows of the domain.
        * `startAt` - Date and time at which the Auto-Tune maintenance schedule starts in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8).
        * `duration` - Configuration block for the duration of the Auto-Tune maintenance window.
            * `value` - Duration of an Auto-Tune maintenance window.
            * `unit` - Unit of time.
        * `cronExpressionForRecurrence` - Cron expression for an Auto-Tune maintenance schedule.
    * `rollbackOnDisable` - Whether the domain is set to roll back to default Auto-Tune settings when disabling Auto-Tune.
* `clusterConfig` - Cluster configuration of the domain.
    * `coldStorageOptions` - Configuration block containing cold storage configuration.
        * `enabled` - Indicates  cold storage is enabled.
    * `instanceType` - Instance type of data nodes in the cluster.
    * `instanceCount` - Number of instances in the cluster.
    * `dedicatedMasterEnabled` - Indicates whether dedicated master nodes are enabled for the cluster.
    * `dedicatedMasterType` - Instance type of the dedicated master nodes in the cluster.
    * `dedicatedMasterCount` - Number of dedicated master nodes in the cluster.
    * `zoneAwarenessEnabled` - Indicates whether zone awareness is enabled.
    * `zoneAwarenessConfig` - Configuration block containing zone awareness settings.
        * `availabilityZoneCount` - Number of availability zones used.
    * `warmEnabled` - Warm storage is enabled.
    * `warmCount` - The number of warm nodes in the cluster.
    * `warmType` - The instance type for the Elasticsearch cluster's warm nodes.
* `cognitoOptions` - Domain Amazon Cognito Authentication options for Kibana.
    * `enabled` - Whether Amazon Cognito Authentication is enabled.
    * `userPoolId` - The Cognito User pool used by the domain.
    * `identityPoolId` - The Cognito Identity pool used by the domain.
    * `roleArn` - The IAM Role with the AmazonESCognitoAccess policy attached.
* `created` – Status of the creation of the domain.
* `deleted` – Status of the deletion of the domain.
* `domainId` – Unique identifier for the domain.
* `ebsOptions` - EBS Options for the instances in the domain.
    * `ebsEnabled` - Whether EBS volumes are attached to data nodes in the domain.
    * `throughput` - The throughput (in MiB/s) of the EBS volumes attached to data nodes.
    * `volumeType` - The type of EBS volumes attached to data nodes.
    * `volumeSize` - The size of EBS volumes attached to data nodes (in GB).
    * `iops` - The baseline input/output (I/O) performance of EBS volumes attached to data nodes.
* `elasticsearchVersion` – Elasticsearch version for the domain.
* `encryptionAtRest` - Domain encryption at rest related options.
    * `enabled` - Whether encryption at rest is enabled in the domain.
    * `kmsKeyId` - The KMS key id used to encrypt data at rest.
* `endpoint` – Domain-specific endpoint used to submit index, search, and data upload requests.
* `kibanaEndpoint` - Domain-specific endpoint used to access the Kibana application.
* `logPublishingOptions` - Domain log publishing related options.
    * `logType` - The type of Elasticsearch log being published.
    * `cloudwatchLogGroupArn` - The CloudWatch Log Group where the logs are published.
    * `enabled` - Whether log publishing is enabled.
* `nodeToNodeEncryption` - Domain in transit encryption related options.
    * `enabled` - Whether node to node encryption is enabled.
* `processing` – Status of a configuration change in the domain.
* `snapshotOptions` – Domain snapshot related options.
    * `automatedSnapshotStartHour` - Hour during which the service takes an automated daily snapshot of the indices in the domain.
* `tags` - Tags assigned to the domain.
* `vpcOptions` - VPC Options for private Elasticsearch domains.
    * `availabilityZones` - The availability zones used by the domain.
    * `securityGroupIds` - The security groups used by the domain.
    * `subnetIds` - The subnets used by the domain.
    * `vpcId` - The VPC used by the domain.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-7feb15d47a2d190cb607bbd9038a049ea8b0ea44a4960e578dae2f2fe8f04a38 -->