---
subcategory: "ElastiCache"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_elasticache_replication_group"
description: |-
  Get information on an ElastiCache Replication Group resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_elasticache_replication_group

Use this data source to get information about an ElastiCache Replication Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsElasticacheReplicationGroup } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-elasticache-replication-group";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsElasticacheReplicationGroup(this, "bar", {
      replicationGroupId: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `replicationGroupId` – (Required) Identifier for the replication group.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `description` - Description of the replication group.
* `arn` - ARN of the created ElastiCache Replication Group.
* `authTokenEnabled` - Whether an AuthToken (password) is enabled.
* `automaticFailoverEnabled` - A flag whether a read-only replica will be automatically promoted to read/write primary if the existing primary fails.
* `clusterMode` - Whether cluster mode is enabled or disabled.
* `nodeType` – The cluster node type.
* `numCacheClusters` – The number of cache clusters that the replication group has.
* `numNodeGroups` - Number of node groups (shards) for the replication group.
* `memberClusters` - Identifiers of all the nodes that are part of this replication group.
* `multiAzEnabled` - Whether Multi-AZ Support is enabled for the replication group.
* `replicasPerNodeGroup` - Number of replica nodes in each node group.
* `logDeliveryConfiguration` - Redis [SLOWLOG](https://redis.io/commands/slowlog) or Redis [Engine Log](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/Log_Delivery.html#Log_contents-engine-log) delivery settings.
* `snapshotWindow` - Daily time range (in UTC) during which ElastiCache begins taking a daily snapshot of your node group (shard).
* `snapshotRetentionLimit` - The number of days for which ElastiCache retains automatic cache cluster snapshots before deleting them.
* `port` – The port number on which the configuration endpoint will accept connections.
* `configurationEndpointAddress` - The configuration endpoint address to allow host discovery.
* `primaryEndpointAddress` - The endpoint of the primary node in this node group (shard).
* `readerEndpointAddress` - The endpoint of the reader node in this node group (shard).

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-0a09a165e844244961e767fdfba1cd3d4e4518e4b3958f1415c491847d1b687a -->