---
subcategory: "Glue"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings"
description: |-
  Get information on AWS Glue Data Catalog Encryption Settings
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_glue_data_catalog_encryption_settings

This data source can be used to fetch information about AWS Glue Data Catalog Encryption Settings.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsGlueDataCatalogEncryptionSettings } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-glue-data-catalog-encryption-settings";
interface MyConfig {
  catalogId: any;
}
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string, config: MyConfig) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsGlueDataCatalogEncryptionSettings(this, "example", {
      id: "123456789123",
      catalogId: config.catalogId,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `catalogId` - (Required) ID of the Data Catalog. This is typically the AWS account ID.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `dataCatalogEncryptionSettings` – The security configuration to set. see [Data Catalog Encryption Settings](#data_catalog_encryption_settings).
* `id` – The ID of the Data Catalog to set the security configuration for.

### data_catalog_encryption_settings

* `connectionPasswordEncryption` - When connection password protection is enabled, the Data Catalog uses a customer-provided key to encrypt the password as part of CreateConnection or UpdateConnection and store it in the ENCRYPTED_PASSWORD field in the connection properties. You can enable catalog encryption or only password encryption. see [Connection Password Encryption](#connection_password_encryption).
* `encryptionAtRest` - Encryption-at-rest configuration for the Data Catalog. see [Encryption At Rest](#encryption_at_rest).

### connection_password_encryption

* `returnConnectionPasswordEncrypted` - When set to `true`, passwords remain encrypted in the responses of GetConnection and GetConnections. This encryption takes effect independently of the catalog encryption.
* `awsKmsKeyId` - KMS key ARN that is used to encrypt the connection password.

### encryption_at_rest

* `catalogEncryptionMode` - The encryption-at-rest mode for encrypting Data Catalog data.
* `catalogEncryptionServiceRole` - The ARN of the AWS IAM role used for accessing encrypted Data Catalog data.
* `sseAwsKmsKeyId` - ARN of the AWS KMS key to use for encryption at rest.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-78a160a18efc6d43f60575420d37772ff044fbb513e2720991b26149cc501c21 -->