---
subcategory: "Managed Grafana"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_grafana_workspace"
description: |-
  Gets information on an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_grafana_workspace

Provides an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace data source.

## Example Usage

### Basic configuration

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsGrafanaWorkspace } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-grafana-workspace";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsGrafanaWorkspace(this, "example", {
      workspaceId: "g-2054c75a02",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `workspaceId` - (Required) Grafana workspace ID.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `accountAccessType` - (Required) Type of account access for the workspace. Valid values are `CURRENT_ACCOUNT` and `ORGANIZATION`. If `ORGANIZATION` is specified, then `organizationalUnits` must also be present.
* `authenticationProviders` - (Required) Authentication providers for the workspace. Valid values are `AWS_SSO`, `SAML`, or both.
* `arn` - ARN of the Grafana workspace.
* `createdDate` - Creation date of the Grafana workspace.
* `dataSources` - Data sources for the workspace.
* `description` - Workspace description.
* `endpoint` - Endpoint of the Grafana workspace.
* `grafanaVersion` - Version of Grafana running on the workspace.
* `lastUpdatedDate` - Last updated date of the Grafana workspace.
* `name` - Grafana workspace name.
* `notificationDestinations` - The notification destinations.
* `organizationRoleName` - The role name that the workspace uses to access resources through Amazon Organizations.
* `organizationalUnits` - The Amazon Organizations organizational units that the workspace is authorized to use data sources from.
* `permissionType` - Permission type of the workspace.
* `roleArn` - IAM role ARN that the workspace assumes.
* `stackSetName` - AWS CloudFormation stack set name that provisions IAM roles to be used by the workspace.
* `status` - Status of the Grafana workspace.
* `tags` - Tags assigned to the resource

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-22d8f7cb4cb1f894ad0c40dec87b3b5711ec96e9e1e76be61286f5e1e2493124 -->