---
subcategory: "SSO Identity Store"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_identitystore_group"
description: |-
  Get information on an Identity Store Group
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_identitystore_group

Use this data source to get an Identity Store Group.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Fn, Token, TerraformOutput, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsIdentitystoreGroup } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-identitystore-group";
import { DataAwsSsoadminInstances } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-ssoadmin-instances";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const example = new DataAwsSsoadminInstances(this, "example", {});
    const dataAwsIdentitystoreGroupExample = new DataAwsIdentitystoreGroup(
      this,
      "example_1",
      {
        alternateIdentifier: {
          uniqueAttribute: {
            attributePath: "DisplayName",
            attributeValue: "ExampleGroup",
          },
        },
        identityStoreId: Token.asString(
          Fn.lookupNested(Fn.tolist(example.identityStoreIds), ["0"])
        ),
      }
    );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAwsIdentitystoreGroupExample.overrideLogicalId("example");
    new TerraformOutput(this, "group_id", {
      value: dataAwsIdentitystoreGroupExample.groupId,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `identityStoreId` - (Required) Identity Store ID associated with the Single Sign-On Instance.

The following arguments are optional:

* `alternateIdentifier` (Optional) A unique identifier for the group that is not the primary identifier. Conflicts with `group_id` and `filter`. Detailed below.
* `filter` - (Optional, **Deprecated** use the `alternate_identifier` attribute instead) Configuration block for filtering by a unique attribute of the group. Detailed below.
* `groupId` - (Optional) The identifier for a group in the Identity Store.

-> Exactly one of the above arguments must be provided. Passing both `filter` and `groupId` is allowed for backwards compatibility.

### `alternateIdentifier` Configuration Block

The `alternateIdentifier` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `externalId` - (Optional) Configuration block for filtering by the identifier issued by an external identity provider. Detailed below.
* `uniqueAttribute` - (Optional) An entity attribute that's unique to a specific entity. Detailed below.

-> Exactly one of the above arguments must be provided.

### `externalId` Configuration Block

The `externalId` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `id` - (Required) The identifier issued to this resource by an external identity provider.
* `issuer` - (Required) The issuer for an external identifier.

### `filter` Configuration Block

~> The `filter` configuration block has been deprecated. Use `alternateIdentifier` instead.

The following arguments are supported by the `filter` configuration block:

* `attributePath` - (Required) Attribute path that is used to specify which attribute name to search. Currently, `DisplayName` is the only valid attribute path.
* `attributeValue` - (Required) Value for an attribute.

### `uniqueAttribute` Configuration Block

The `uniqueAttribute` configuration block supports the following arguments:

* `attributePath` - (Required) Attribute path that is used to specify which attribute name to search. For example: `DisplayName`. Refer to the [Group data type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/latest/IdentityStoreAPIReference/API_Group.html).
* `attributeValue` - (Required) Value for an attribute.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Identifier of the group in the Identity Store.
* `description` - Description of the specified group.
* `displayName` - Group's display name value.
* `externalIds` - List of identifiers issued to this resource by an external identity provider.
    * `id` - The identifier issued to this resource by an external identity provider.
    * `issuer` - The issuer for an external identifier.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-e2ee8a1f184076e4923473e811d8cdcd0bbfa4b31daf2855f308b2e41de9934b -->