---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_image_recipe"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Image Recipe
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_imagebuilder_image_recipe

Provides details about an Image Builder Image Recipe.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsImagebuilderImageRecipe } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-imagebuilder-image-recipe";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsImagebuilderImageRecipe(this, "example", {
      arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-east-1:aws:image-recipe/example/1.0.0",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the image recipe.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `blockDeviceMapping` - Set of objects with block device mappings for the image recipe.
    * `deviceName` - Name of the device. For example, `/dev/sda` or `/dev/xvdb`.
    * `ebs` - Single list of object with Elastic Block Storage (EBS) block device mapping settings.
        * `deleteOnTermination` - Whether to delete the volume on termination. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
        * `encrypted` - Whether to encrypt the volume. Defaults to unset, which is the value inherited from the parent image.
        * `iops` - Number of Input/Output (I/O) operations per second to provision for an `io1` or `io2` volume.
        * `kmsKeyId` - ARN of the Key Management Service (KMS) Key for encryption.
        * `snapshotId` - Identifier of the EC2 Volume Snapshot.
        * `throughput` - For GP3 volumes only. The throughput in MiB/s that the volume supports.
        * `volumeSize` - Size of the volume, in GiB.
        * `volumeType` - Type of the volume. For example, `gp2` or `io2`.
    * `noDevice` - Whether to remove a mapping from the parent image.
    * `virtualName` - Virtual device name. For example, `ephemeral0`. Instance store volumes are numbered starting from 0.
* `component` - List of objects with components for the image recipe.
    * `componentArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Component.
    * `parameter` - Set of parameters that are used to configure the component.
        * `name` - Name of the component parameter.
        * `value` - Value of the component parameter.
* `dateCreated` - Date the image recipe was created.
* `description` - Description of the image recipe.
* `name` - Name of the image recipe.
* `owner` - Owner of the image recipe.
* `parentImage` - Base image of the image recipe.
* `platform` - Platform of the image recipe.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the image recipe.
* `userDataBase64` - Base64 encoded contents of user data. Commands or a command script to run when build instance is launched.
* `version` - Version of the image recipe.
* `workingDirectory` - Working directory used during build and test workflows.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-03811fbdc954ff54a22086b82658d8b2b187a94c5c0090a064a40b03c615a004 -->