---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Image Pipeline
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_imagebuilder_image_pipeline

Provides details about an Image Builder Image Pipeline.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsImagebuilderImagePipeline } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-imagebuilder-image-pipeline";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsImagebuilderImagePipeline(this, "example", {
      arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:aws:image-pipeline/example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the image pipeline.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `containerRecipeArn` - ARN of the container recipe.
* `dateCreated` - Date the image pipeline was created.
* `dateLastRun` - Date the image pipeline was last run.
* `dateNextRun` - Date the image pipeline will run next.
* `dateUpdated` - Date the image pipeline was updated.
* `description` - Description of the image pipeline.
* `distributionConfigurationArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Distribution Configuration.
* `enhancedImageMetadataEnabled` - Whether additional information about the image being created is collected.
* `imageRecipeArn` - ARN of the image recipe.
* `imageTestsConfiguration` - List of an object with image scanning configuration.
    * `imageScanningEnabled`  - Whether image scanning is enabled.
    * `ecrConfiguration`  - List if an object with ecr configuration for image scanning
        * `containerTags`  - Tags that are added to the output containers that are scanned
        * `repositoryName`  - The name of the container repository that Amazon Inspector scans
* `imageTestsConfiguration` - List of an object with image tests configuration.
    * `imageTestsEnabled` - Whether image tests are enabled.
    * `timeoutMinutes` - Number of minutes before image tests time out.
* `infrastructureConfigurationArn` - ARN of the Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration.
* `name` - Name of the image pipeline.
* `platform` - Platform of the image pipeline.
* `schedule` - List of an object with schedule settings.
    * `pipelineExecutionStartCondition` - Condition when the pipeline should trigger a new image build.
    * `scheduleExpression` - Cron expression of how often the pipeline start condition is evaluated.
* `status` - Status of the image pipeline.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the image pipeline.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-86d00bfacbf8211ac391b618aacd3783f3887b1dc59f3fa49b15ed84f7aa629d -->