---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Distribution Configuration
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_imagebuilder_distribution_configuration

Provides details about an Image Builder Distribution Configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-imagebuilder-distribution-configuration";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsImagebuilderDistributionConfiguration(this, "example", {
      arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:aws:distribution-configuration/example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the distribution configuration.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `dateCreated` - Date the distribution configuration was created.
* `dateUpdated` - Date the distribution configuration was updated.
* `description` - Description of the distribution configuration.
* `distribution` - Set of distributions.
    * `ami_distribution_configuration` - Nested list of AMI distribution configuration.
        * `ami_tags` - Key-value map of tags to apply to distributed AMI.
        * `description` - Description to apply to distributed AMI.
        * `kms_key_id` - ARN of Key Management Service (KMS) Key to encrypt AMI.
        * `launch_permission` - Nested list of EC2 launch permissions.
            * `organization_arns` - Set of AWS Organization ARNs.
            * `organizational_unit_arns` - Set of AWS Organizational Unit ARNs.
            * `user_groups` - Set of EC2 launch permission user groups.
            * `user_ids` - Set of AWS Account identifiers.
        * `target_account_ids` - Set of target AWS Account identifiers.
    * `container_distribution_configuration` - Nested list of container distribution configurations.
        * `container_tags` - Set of tags that are attached to the container distribution configuration.
        * `description` - Description of the container distribution configuration.
        * `target_repository` - Set of destination repositories for the container distribution configuration.
            * `repository_name` - Name of the container repository where the output container image is stored.
            * `service` - Service in which the image is registered.
    * `fast_launch_configuration` - Nested list of Windows faster-launching configurations to use for AMI distribution.
        * `account_id` - The owner account ID for the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.
        * `enabled` - A Boolean that represents the current state of faster launching for the Windows AMI.
        * `launch_template` - Nested list of launch templates that the fast-launch enabled Windows AMI uses when it launches Windows instances to create pre-provisioned snapshots.
            * `launch_template_id` - The ID of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
            * `launch_template_name` - The name of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
            * `launch_template_version` - The version of the launch template to use for faster launching for a Windows AMI.
        * `max_parallel_launches` - The maximum number of parallel instances that are launched for creating resources.
        * `snapshot_configuration` - Nested list of configurations for managing the number of snapshots that are created from pre-provisioned instances for the Windows AMI when faster launching is enabled.
            * `target_resource_count` - The number of pre-provisioned snapshots to keep on hand for a fast-launch enabled Windows AMI.
    * `launch_template_configuration` - Nested list of launch template configurations.
        * `default` - Whether the specified Amazon EC2 launch template is set as the default launch template.
        * `launch_template_id` - ID of the Amazon EC2 launch template.
        * `account_id` - The account ID that this configuration applies to.
    * `license_configuration_arns` - Set of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of License Manager License Configurations.
    * `region` - AWS Region of distribution.
* `name` - Name of the distribution configuration.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the distribution configuration.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-7b28680ba5fe3c06481414befe6f2cb9eb821dae2ff9137702f5a2483f24bb91 -->