---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration

Provides details about an Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsImagebuilderInfrastructureConfiguration } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-imagebuilder-infrastructure-configuration";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsImagebuilderInfrastructureConfiguration(this, "example", {
      arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:aws:infrastructure-configuration/example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the infrastructure configuration.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `dateCreated` - Date the infrastructure configuration was created.
* `dateCreated` - Date the infrastructure configuration was updated.
* `description` - Description of the infrastructure configuration.
* `instanceMetadataOptions` - Nested list of instance metadata options for the HTTP requests that pipeline builds use to launch EC2 build and test instances.
    * `httpPutResponseHopLimit` - Number of hops that an instance can traverse to reach its destonation.
    * `httpTokens` - Whether a signed token is required for instance metadata retrieval requests.
* `instanceProfileName` - Name of the IAM Instance Profile associated with the configuration.
* `instanceTypes` - Set of EC2 Instance Types associated with the configuration.
* `keyPair` - Name of the EC2 Key Pair associated with the configuration.
* `logging` - Nested list of logging settings.
    * `s3Logs` - Nested list of S3 logs settings.
        * `s3BucketName` - Name of the S3 Bucket for logging.
        * `s3KeyPrefix` - Key prefix for S3 Bucket logging.
* `name` - Name of the infrastructure configuration.
* `placement` - Placement settings that define where the instances that are launched from your image will run.
    * `availabilityZone` - Availability Zone where your build and test instances will launch.
    * `hostId` - ID of the Dedicated Host on which build and test instances run.
    * `hostResourceGroupArn` - ARN of the host resource group in which to launch build and test instances.
    * `tenancy` - Placement tenancy of the instance.
* `resourceTags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the infrastructure created by the infrastructure configuration.
* `securityGroupIds` - Set of EC2 Security Group identifiers associated with the configuration.
* `snsTopicArn` - ARN of the SNS Topic associated with the configuration.
* `subnetId` - Identifier of the EC2 Subnet associated with the configuration.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the infrastructure configuration.
* `terminateInstanceOnFailure` - Whether instances are terminated on failure.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-66e9fe42a4dfe8fef868356ba49dc84837c55555b515f4d484c2abafcfb28068 -->