---
subcategory: "Lake Formation"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lakeformation_data_lake_settings"
description: |-
    Get data lake administrators and default database and table permissions
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_lakeformation_data_lake_settings

Get Lake Formation principals designated as data lake administrators and lists of principal permission entries for default create database and default create table permissions.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsLakeformationDataLakeSettings } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-lakeformation-data-lake-settings";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsLakeformationDataLakeSettings(this, "example", {
      catalogId: "14916253649",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are optional:

* `catalogId` – (Optional) Identifier for the Data Catalog. By default, the account ID.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `admins` – List of ARNs of AWS Lake Formation principals (IAM users or roles).
* `allowExternalDataFiltering` - Whether to allow Amazon EMR clusters to access data managed by Lake Formation.
* `allowFullTableExternalDataAccess` - Whether to allow a third-party query engine to get data access credentials without session tags when a caller has full data access permissions.
* `authorizedSessionTagValueList` - Lake Formation relies on a privileged process secured by Amazon EMR or the third party integrator to tag the user's role while assuming it.
* `createDatabaseDefaultPermissions` - Up to three configuration blocks of principal permissions for default create database permissions. Detailed below.
* `createTableDefaultPermissions` - Up to three configuration blocks of principal permissions for default create table permissions. Detailed below.
* `externalDataFilteringAllowList` - A list of the account IDs of Amazon Web Services accounts with Amazon EMR clusters that are to perform data filtering.
* `parameters` - Key-value map of additional configuration. `CROSS_ACCOUNT_VERSION` will be set to values `"1"`, `"2"`, `"3"`, or `"4"`. `SET_CONTEXT` will also be returned with a value of `TRUE`. In a fresh account, prior to configuring, `CROSS_ACCOUNT_VERSION` is `"1"`.
* `readOnlyAdmins` – List of ARNs of AWS Lake Formation principals (IAM users or roles) with only view access to the resources.
* `trustedResourceOwners` – List of the resource-owning account IDs that the caller's account can use to share their user access details (user ARNs).

### create_database_default_permissions

* `permissions` - List of permissions granted to the principal.
* `principal` - Principal who is granted permissions.

### create_table_default_permissions

* `permissions` - List of permissions granted to the principal.
* `principal` - Principal who is granted permissions.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-51d5ef0991ff9f9f62fd44fce192e2952d488ac5375672a447fb28945c1fc986 -->