---
subcategory: "ELB (Elastic Load Balancing)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lb_listener_rule"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing an AWS ELB (Elastic Load Balancing) Listener Rule.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_lb_listener_rule

Provides information about an AWS Elastic Load Balancing Listener Rule.

## Example Usage

### Match by Rule ARN

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { VariableType, TerraformVariable, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsLbListenerRule } from "./.gen/providers/aws/";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    /*Terraform Variables are not always the best fit for getting inputs in the context of Terraform CDK.
    You can read more about this at https://cdk.tf/variables*/
    const lbRuleArn = new TerraformVariable(this, "lb_rule_arn", {
      type: VariableType.STRING,
    });
    new DataAwsLbListenerRule(this, "example", {
      arn: lbRuleArn.value,
    });
  }
}

```

### Match by Listener ARN and Priority

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { VariableType, TerraformVariable, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsLbListenerRule } from "./.gen/providers/aws/";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    /*Terraform Variables are not always the best fit for getting inputs in the context of Terraform CDK.
    You can read more about this at https://cdk.tf/variables*/
    const lbListenerArn = new TerraformVariable(this, "lb_listener_arn", {
      type: VariableType.STRING,
    });
    const lbRulePriority = new TerraformVariable(this, "lb_rule_priority", {
      type: VariableType.NUMBER,
    });
    new DataAwsLbListenerRule(this, "example", {
      listener_arn: lbListenerArn.value,
      priority: lbRulePriority.value,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `arn` - (Optional) ARN of the Listener Rule.
  Either `arn` or `listenerArn` must be set.
* `listenerArn` - (Optional) ARN of the associated Listener.
  Either `arn` or `listenerArn` must be set.
* `priority` - (Optional) Priority of the Listener Rule within the Listener.
  Must be set if `listenerArn` is set, otherwise must not be set.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `action` - List of actions associated with the rule, sorted by `order`.
  [Detailed below](#action).
* `condition` - Set of conditions associated with the rule.
  [Detailed below](#condition).
* `tags` - Tags assigned to the Listener Rule.

### `action`

* `type` - The type of the action, indicates which sub-block will be populated.
* `order` - The evaluation order of the action.
* `authenticateCognito` - An action to authenticate using Amazon Cognito.
  [Detailed below](#authenticate_cognito).
* `authenticateOidc` - An action to authenticate using OIDC.
  [Detailed below](#authenticate_oidc).
* `fixedResponse` - An action to return a fixed response.
  [Detailed below](#fixed_response).
* `forward` - An action to forward the request.
  [Detailed below](#forward).
* `redirect` - An action to redirect the request.
  [Detailed below](#redirect).

#### `authenticateCognito`

* `authenticationRequestExtraParams` - Set of additional parameters for the request.
  [Detailed below](#authentication_request_extra_params).
* `onUnauthenticatedRequest` - Behavior when the client is not authenticated.
* `scope` - Set of user claims requested.
* `sessionCookieName` - Name of the cookie used to maintain session information.
* `sessionTimeout` - Maximum duration of the authentication session in seconds.
* `userPoolArn` - ARN of the Cognito user pool.
* `userPoolClientId` - ID of the Cognito user pool client.
* `userPoolDomain` - Domain prefix or fully-qualified domain name of the Cognito user pool.

#### `authenticateOidc`

* `authenticationRequestExtraParams` - Set of additional parameters for the request.
  [Detailed below](#authentication_request_extra_params).
* `authorizationEndpoint` -  The authorization endpoint of the IdP.
* `clientId` - OAuth 2.0 client identifier.
* `issuer` - OIDC issuer identifier of the IdP.
* `onUnauthenticatedRequest` - Behavior when the client is not authenticated.
* `scope` - Set of user claims requested.
* `sessionCookieName` - Name of the cookie used to maintain session information.
* `sessionTimeout` - Maximum duration of the authentication session in seconds.
* `tokenEndpoint` - The token endpoint of the IdP.
* `userInfoEndpoint` - The user info endpoint of the IdP.

#### `authenticationRequestExtraParams`

* `key` - Key of query parameter
* `value` - Value of query parameter

#### `fixedResponse`

* `contentType` - Content type of the response.
* `messageBody` - Message body of the response.
* `statusCode` - HTTP response code of the response.

#### `forward`

* `stickiness` - Target group stickiness for the rule.
  [Detailed below](#stickiness).
* `targetGroup` - Set of target groups for the action.
  [Detailed below](#target_group).

#### `stickiness`

* `duration` - The time period, in seconds, during which requests from a client should be routed to the same target group.
* `enabled` - Indicates whether target group stickiness is enabled.

#### `targetGroup`

* `arn` - ARN of the target group.
* `weight` - Weight of the target group.

#### `redirect`

* `host` - The hostname.
* `path` - The absolute path, starting with `/`.
* `port` - The port.
* `protocol` - The protocol.
* `query` - The query parameters.
* `statusCode` - The HTTP redirect code.

### `condition`

* `hostHeader` - Contains a single attribute `values`, which contains a set of host names.
* `httpHeader` - HTTP header and values to match.
  [Detailed below](#http_header).
* `httpRequestMethod` - Contains a single attribute `values`, which contains a set of HTTP request methods.
* `pathPattern` - Contains a single attribute `values`, which contains a set of path patterns to compare against the request URL.
* `queryString` - Query string parameters to match.
  [Detailed below](#query_string).
* `sourceIp` - Contains a single attribute `values`, which contains a set of source IPs in CIDR notation.

#### `httpHeader`

* `httpHeaderName` - Name of the HTTP header to match.
* `values` - Set of values to compare against the value of the HTTP header.

#### `queryString`

* `values` - Set of `key`-`value` pairs indicating the query string parameters to match.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-9f870f9901fed900e71a95bad27ee1faac26237d58f4a32678370950d3af6c88 -->