---
subcategory: "MemoryDB for Redis"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_memorydb_cluster"
description: |-
  Provides information about a MemoryDB Cluster.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Resource: aws_memorydb_cluster

Provides information about a MemoryDB Cluster.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsMemorydbCluster } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-memorydb-cluster";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsMemorydbCluster(this, "example", {
      name: "my-cluster",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the cluster.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Same as `name`.
* `arn` - ARN of the cluster.
* `aclName` - Name of the Access Control List associated with the cluster.
* `autoMinorVersionUpgrade` - True when the cluster allows automatic minor version upgrades.
* `clusterEndpoint`
    * `address` - DNS hostname of the cluster configuration endpoint.
    * `port` - Port number that the cluster configuration endpoint is listening on.
* `dataTiering` - True when data tiering is enabled.
* `description` - Description for the cluster.
* `enginePatchVersion` - Patch version number of the Redis engine used by the cluster.
* `engineVersion` - Version number of the Redis engine used by the cluster.
* `finalSnapshotName` - Name of the final cluster snapshot to be created when this resource is deleted. If omitted, no final snapshot will be made.
* `kmsKeyArn` - ARN of the KMS key used to encrypt the cluster at rest.
* `maintenanceWindow` - Weekly time range during which maintenance on the cluster is performed. Specify as a range in the format `ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi` (24H Clock UTC). Example: `sun:23:00-mon:01:30`.
* `nodeType` - Compute and memory capacity of the nodes in the cluster.
* `numReplicasPerShard` - The number of replicas to apply to each shard.
* `numShards` - Number of shards in the cluster.
* `parameterGroupName` - The name of the parameter group associated with the cluster.
* `port` - Port number on which each of the nodes accepts connections.
* `securityGroupIds` - Set of VPC Security Group ID-s associated with this cluster.
* `shards` - Set of shards in this cluster.
    * `name` - Name of this shard.
    * `num_nodes` - Number of individual nodes in this shard.
    * `slots` - Keyspace for this shard. Example: `0-16383`.
    * `nodes` - Set of nodes in this shard.
        * `availability_zone` - The Availability Zone in which the node resides.
        * `create_time` - The date and time when the node was created. Example: `2022-01-01T21:00:00Z`.
        * `name` - Name of this node.
        * `endpoint`
            * `address` - DNS hostname of the node.
            * `port` - Port number that this node is listening on.
* `snapshotRetentionLimit` - The number of days for which MemoryDB retains automatic snapshots before deleting them. When set to `0`, automatic backups are disabled.
* `snapshotWindow` - Daily time range (in UTC) during which MemoryDB begins taking a daily snapshot of your shard. Example: `05:00-09:00`.
* `snsTopicArn` - ARN of the SNS topic to which cluster notifications are sent.
* `subnetGroupName` -The name of the subnet group used for the cluster.
* `tlsEnabled` - When true, in-transit encryption is enabled for the cluster.
* `tags` - Map of tags assigned to the cluster.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-60661a32615a44866629e2e9ffadb0c1a33a84edf7060e982e9bec51eec4491d -->