---
subcategory: "MemoryDB"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_memorydb_snapshot"
description: |-
  Provides information about a MemoryDB Snapshot.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_memorydb_snapshot

Provides information about a MemoryDB Snapshot.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsMemorydbSnapshot } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-memorydb-snapshot";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsMemorydbSnapshot(this, "example", {
      name: "my-snapshot",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `name` - (Required) Name of the snapshot.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Name of the snapshot.
* `arn` - ARN of the snapshot.
* `clusterConfiguration` - The configuration of the cluster from which the snapshot was taken.
    * `description` - Description for the cluster.
    * `engine` - The engine that will run on cluster nodes.
    * `engineVersion` - Version number of the engine used by the cluster.
    * `maintenanceWindow` - The weekly time range during which maintenance on the cluster is performed.
    * `name` - Name of the cluster.
    * `nodeType` - Compute and memory capacity of the nodes in the cluster.
    * `numShards` - Number of shards in the cluster.
    * `parameterGroupName` - Name of the parameter group associated with the cluster.
    * `port` - Port number on which the cluster accepts connections.
    * `snapshotRetentionLimit` - Number of days for which MemoryDB retains automatic snapshots before deleting them.
    * `snapshotWindow` - The daily time range (in UTC) during which MemoryDB begins taking a daily snapshot of the shard.
    * `subnetGroupName` - Name of the subnet group used by the cluster.
    * `topicArn` - ARN of the SNS topic to which cluster notifications are sent.
    * `vpcId` - The VPC in which the cluster exists.
* `clusterName` - Name of the MemoryDB cluster that this snapshot was taken from.
* `kmsKeyArn` - ARN of the KMS key used to encrypt the snapshot at rest.
* `source` - Whether the snapshot is from an automatic backup (`automated`) or was created manually (`manual`).
* `tags` - Map of tags assigned to the snapshot.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-0fb743b7ee1f1251fca9f692bf8eedfeed907c582732cea270b8229bcc8698a9 -->