---
subcategory: "Managed Streaming for Kafka"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_msk_bootstrap_brokers"
description: |-
    Get a list of brokers that a client application can use to bootstrap.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_msk_bootstrap_brokers

Get a list of brokers that a client application can use to bootstrap.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsMskBootstrapBrokers } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-msk-bootstrap-brokers";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsMskBootstrapBrokers(this, "example", {
      clusterArn: Token.asString(awsMskClusterExample.arn),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `clusterArn` - (Required) ARN of the cluster the nodes belong to.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `bootstrapBrokers` - Comma separated list of one or more hostname:port pairs of kafka brokers suitable to bootstrap connectivity to the kafka cluster.
* `bootstrapBrokersPublicSaslIam` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL IAM port pairs.
* `bootstrapBrokersPublicSaslScram` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL SCRAM port pairs.
* `bootstrapBrokersPublicTls` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and TLS port pairs.
* `bootstrapBrokersSaslIam` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL IAM port pairs.
* `bootstrapBrokersSaslScram` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL SCRAM port pairs.
* `bootstrapBrokersTls` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and TLS port pairs.
* `bootstrapBrokersVpcConnectivitySaslIam` - A string containing one or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL IAM port pairs for VPC connectivity.
* `bootstrapBrokersVpcConnectivitySaslScram` - A string containing one or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL SCRAM port pairs for VPC connectivity.
* `bootstrapBrokersVpcConnectivityTls` - A string containing one or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and TLS port pairs for VPC connectivity.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-7b54094f0706ad631225a93167f5cf8ebf4d97a5d96b94ce2921bb8b1867cc48 -->