---
subcategory: "Managed Streaming for Kafka"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_msk_cluster"
description: |-
  Get information on an Amazon MSK Cluster
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_msk_cluster

Get information on an Amazon MSK Cluster.

-> **Note:** This data sources returns information on _provisioned_ clusters.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsMskCluster } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-msk-cluster";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsMskCluster(this, "example", {
      clusterName: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `clusterName` - (Required) Name of the cluster.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the MSK cluster.
* `bootstrapBrokers` - Comma separated list of one or more hostname:port pairs of kafka brokers suitable to bootstrap connectivity to the kafka cluster. Contains a value if `encryption_info.0.encryption_in_transit.0.client_broker` is set to `PLAINTEXT` or `TLS_PLAINTEXT`. The resource sorts values alphabetically. AWS may not always return all endpoints so this value is not guaranteed to be stable across applies.
* `bootstrapBrokersPublicSaslIam` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL IAM port pairs. For example, `b-1-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9198,b-2-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9198,b-3-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9198`. This attribute will have a value if `encryption_info.0.encryption_in_transit.0.client_broker` is set to `TLS_PLAINTEXT` or `TLS` and `client_authentication.0.sasl.0.iam` is set to `true` and `broker_node_group_info.0.connectivity_info.0.public_access.0.type` is set to `SERVICE_PROVIDED_EIPS` and the cluster fulfill all other requirements for public access. The resource sorts the list alphabetically. AWS may not always return all endpoints so the values may not be stable across applies.
* `bootstrapBrokersPublicSaslScram` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL SCRAM port pairs. For example, `b-1-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9196,b-2-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9196,b-3-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9196`. This attribute will have a value if `encryption_info.0.encryption_in_transit.0.client_broker` is set to `TLS_PLAINTEXT` or `TLS` and `client_authentication.0.sasl.0.scram` is set to `true` and `broker_node_group_info.0.connectivity_info.0.public_access.0.type` is set to `SERVICE_PROVIDED_EIPS` and the cluster fulfill all other requirements for public access. The resource sorts the list alphabetically. AWS may not always return all endpoints so the values may not be stable across applies.
* `bootstrapBrokersPublicTls` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and TLS port pairs. For example, `b-1-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9194,b-2-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9194,b-3-public.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9194`. This attribute will have a value if `encryption_info.0.encryption_in_transit.0.client_broker` is set to `TLS_PLAINTEXT` or `TLS` and `broker_node_group_info.0.connectivity_info.0.public_access.0.type` is set to `SERVICE_PROVIDED_EIPS` and the cluster fulfill all other requirements for public access. The resource sorts the list alphabetically. AWS may not always return all endpoints so the values may not be stable across applies.
* `bootstrapBrokersSaslIam` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL IAM port pairs. For example, `b-1.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9098,b-2.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9098,b-3.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9098`. This attribute will have a value if `encryption_info.0.encryption_in_transit.0.client_broker` is set to `TLS_PLAINTEXT` or `TLS` and `client_authentication.0.sasl.0.iam` is set to `true`. The resource sorts the list alphabetically. AWS may not always return all endpoints so the values may not be stable across applies.
* `bootstrapBrokersSaslScram` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and SASL SCRAM port pairs. For example, `b-1.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9096,b-2.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9096,b-3.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9096`. This attribute will have a value if `encryption_info.0.encryption_in_transit.0.client_broker` is set to `TLS_PLAINTEXT` or `TLS` and `client_authentication.0.sasl.0.scram` is set to `true`. The resource sorts the list alphabetically. AWS may not always return all endpoints so the values may not be stable across applies.
* `bootstrapBrokersTls` - One or more DNS names (or IP addresses) and TLS port pairs. For example, `b-1.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9094,b-2.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9094,b-3.exampleClusterName.abcde.c2.kafka.us-east-1.amazonaws.com:9094`. This attribute will have a value if `encryption_info.0.encryption_in_transit.0.client_broker` is set to `TLS_PLAINTEXT` or `TLS`. The resource sorts the list alphabetically. AWS may not always return all endpoints so the values may not be stable across applies.
* `brokerNodeGroupInfo` - Configuration block for the broker nodes of the Kafka cluster.
* `clusterUuid` - UUID of the MSK cluster, for use in IAM policies.
* `kafkaVersion` - Apache Kafka version.
* `numberOfBrokerNodes` - Number of broker nodes in the cluster.
* `tags` - Map of key-value pairs assigned to the cluster.
* `zookeeperConnectString` - A comma separated list of one or more hostname:port pairs to use to connect to the Apache Zookeeper cluster. The returned values are sorted alphbetically. The AWS API may not return all endpoints, so this value is not guaranteed to be stable across applies.
* `zookeeperConnectStringTls` - A comma separated list of one or more hostname:port pairs to use to connect to the Apache Zookeeper cluster via TLS. The returned values are sorted alphabetically. The AWS API may not return all endpoints, so this value is not guaranteed to be stable across applies.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-284a977e04ce4581d3dedc9fee705b1b12bd7feba0e15de9010a3cb282e7c367 -->