---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_network_interface"
description: |-
  Get information on a Network Interface resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_network_interface

Use this data source to get information about a Network Interface.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsNetworkInterface } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-network-interface";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsNetworkInterface(this, "bar", {
      id: "eni-01234567",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `id` - (Optional) Identifier for the network interface.
* `filter` - (Optional) One or more name/value pairs to filter off of. There are several valid keys, for a full reference, check out [describe-network-interfaces](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-network-interfaces.html) in the AWS CLI reference.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the network interface.
* `association` - Association information for an Elastic IP address (IPv4) associated with the network interface. See [association](#association) below.
* `attachment` - Attachment of the ENI. See [attachment](#attachment) below.
* `availabilityZone` - Availability Zone.
* `description` - Description of the network interface.
* `interfaceType` - Type of interface.
* `ipv6Addresses` - List of IPv6 addresses to assign to the ENI.
* `macAddress` - MAC address.
* `ownerId` - AWS account ID of the owner of the network interface.
* `privateDnsName` - Private DNS name.
* `privateIp` - Private IPv4 address of the network interface within the subnet.
* `privateIps` - Private IPv4 addresses associated with the network interface.
* `requesterId` - ID of the entity that launched the instance on your behalf.
* `securityGroups` - List of security groups for the network interface.
* `subnetId` - ID of the subnet.
* `outpostArn` - ARN of the Outpost.
* `tags` - Any tags assigned to the network interface.
* `vpcId` - ID of the VPC.

### `association`

* `allocationId` - Allocation ID.
* `associationId` - Association ID.
* `carrierIp` - Carrier IP address associated with the network interface. This attribute is only set when the network interface is in a subnet which is associated with a Wavelength Zone.
* `customerOwnedIp` - Customer-owned IP address.
* `ip_owner_id` - ID of the Elastic IP address owner.
* `public_dns_name` - Public DNS name.
* `publicIp` - Address of the Elastic IP address bound to the network interface.

### `attachment`

* `attachmentId` - ID of the network interface attachment.
* `deviceIndex` - Device index of the network interface attachment on the instance.
* `instanceId` - ID of the instance.
* `instanceOwnerId` - AWS account ID of the owner of the instance.
* `networkCardIndex` - Index of the network card.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `read` - (Default `20m`)

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-4d2139f76babc1591b6ecd28aa12b2a7cb023a572cfe4d1feeab0316971b3bbb -->