---
subcategory: "Oracle Database@AWS"
layout: "AWS: aws_odb_db_servers"
page_title: "AWS: aws_odb_db_servers"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing db servers linked to exadata infrastructure of Oracle Database@AWS.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_odb_db_servers

Terraform data source for manging db servers linked to exadata infrastructure of Oracle Database@AWS.

You can find out more about Oracle Database@AWS from [User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/odb/latest/UserGuide/what-is-odb.html).

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsOdbDbServers } from "./.gen/providers/aws/";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsOdbDbServers(this, "example", {
      cloud_exadata_infrastructure_id: "exadata_infra_id",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `cloudExadataInfrastructureId` - (Required) The unique identifier of the cloud vm cluster.

The following arguments are optional:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `dbServers` - the list of DB servers along with their properties.

### db_servers

* `autonomous_virtual_machine_ids` - A list of unique identifiers for the Autonomous VMs.
* `autonomous_vm_cluster_ids` - A list of identifiers for the Autonomous VM clusters.
* `computeModel` - The OCI compute model used when you create or clone an instance: **ECPU** or **OCPU**. ECPUs are based on the number of cores elastically allocated from a pool of compute and storage servers, while OCPUs are based on the physical core of a processor with hyper-threading enabled.
* `cpuCoreCount` - The number of CPU cores enabled on the database server.
* `createdAt` - The date and time when the database server was created.
* `dbNodeStorageSizeInGbs` - The amount of local node storage, in gigabytes (GB), that's allocated on the database server.
* `db_server_id` - The unique identifier of the database server.
* `db_server_patching_details` - The scheduling details for the quarterly maintenance window. Patching and system updates take place during the maintenance window.
* `displayName` - The user-friendly name of the database server. The name doesn't need to be unique.
* `exadata_infrastructure_id` - The ID of the Exadata infrastructure that hosts the database server.
* `maxCpuCount` - The total number of CPU cores available on the database server.
* `max_db_node_storage_in_gbs` - The total amount of local node storage, in gigabytes (GB), that's available on the database server.
* `maxMemoryInGbs` - The total amount of memory, in gigabytes (GB), that's available on the database server.
* `memorySizeInGbs` - The amount of memory, in gigabytes (GB), that's allocated on the database server.
* `ociResourceAnchorName` - The name of the OCI resource anchor for the database server.
* `ocid` - The OCID of the database server.
* `shape` - The hardware system model of the Exadata infrastructure that the database server is hosted on. The shape determines the amount of CPU, storage, and memory resources available.
* `status` - The current status of the database server.
* `statusReason` - Additional information about the status of the database server.
* `vm_cluster_ids` - The IDs of the VM clusters that are associated with the database server.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-8ff2c370eec9ef4d32869c43ed604a541d4aa14599f6140958991991789502ed -->