---
subcategory: "Oracle Database@AWS"
layout: "AWS: aws_odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster"
page_title: "AWS: aws_odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing cloud autonomous vm cluster resource in AWS for Oracle Database@AWS.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_odb_cloud_autonomous_vm_cluster

Terraform data source for managing cloud autonomous vm cluster resource in AWS for Oracle Database@AWS.

You can find out more about Oracle Database@AWS from [User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/odb/latest/UserGuide/what-is-odb.html).

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsOdbCloudAutonomousVmCluster } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-odb-cloud-autonomous-vm-cluster";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsOdbCloudAutonomousVmCluster(this, "example", {
      id: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are optional:

* `id` - (Required) The unique identifier of the cloud autonomous vm cluster.
* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the Exadata infrastructure.
* `cloudExadataInfrastructureId` - Cloud exadata infrastructure id associated with this cloud autonomous VM cluster.
* `autonomousDataStoragePercentage` - The percentage of data storage currently in use for Autonomous Databases in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `autonomousDataStorageSizeInTbs` - The data storage size allocated for Autonomous Databases in the Autonomous VM cluster, in TB.
* `availableAutonomousDataStorageSizeInTbs` - The available data storage space for Autonomous Databases in the Autonomous VM cluster, in TB.
* `availableContainerDatabases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs that you can create with the currently available storage.
* `availableCpus` - The number of CPU cores available for allocation to Autonomous Databases.
* `computeModel` - The compute model of the Autonomous VM cluster: ECPU or OCPU.
* `cpuCoreCount` - The total number of CPU cores in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `cpuCoreCountPerNode` - The number of CPU cores enabled per node in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `cpuPercentage` - he percentage of total CPU cores currently in use in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `createdAt` - The date and time when the Autonomous VM cluster was created.
* `dataStorageSizeInGbs` - The total data storage allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in GB.
* `dataStorageSizeInTbs` - The total data storage allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in TB.
* `odbNodeStorageSizeInGbs` - The local node storage allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in gigabytes (GB).
* `dbServers` - The list of database servers associated with the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `description` - The user-provided description of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `displayName` - The display name of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `domain` - The domain name of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `exadataStorageInTbsLowestScaledValue` - The minimum value to which you can scale down the Exadata storage, in TB.
* `hostname` - The hostname of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `isMtlsEnabledVmCluster` - Indicates whether mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication is enabled for the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `licenseModel` - The Oracle license model that applies to the Autonomous VM cluster. Valid values are LICENSE_INCLUDED or BRING_YOUR_OWN_LICENSE.
* `maxAcdsLowestScaledValue` - The minimum value to which you can scale down the maximum number of Autonomous CDBs.
* `memoryPerOracleComputeUnitInGbs` - The amount of memory allocated per Oracle Compute Unit, in GB.
* `memorySizeInGbs` - The total amount of memory allocated to the Autonomous VM cluster, in gigabytes (GB).
* `nodeCount` - The number of database server nodes in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `nonProvisionableAutonomousContainerDatabases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs that can't be provisioned because of resource  constraints.
* `ociResourceAnchorName` - The name of the OCI resource anchor associated with this Autonomous VM cluster.
* `ociUrl` - The URL for accessing the OCI console page for this Autonomous VM cluster.
* `ocid` - The Oracle Cloud Identifier (OCID) of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `odbNetworkId` - The unique identifier of the ODB network associated with this Autonomous VM cluster.
* `percentProgress` - The progress of the current operation on the Autonomous VM cluster, as a percentage.
* `provisionableAutonomousContainerDatabases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs that can be provisioned in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `provisionedAutonomousContainerDatabases` - The number of Autonomous CDBs currently provisioned in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `provisionedCpus` - The number of CPU cores currently provisioned in the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `reclaimableCpus` - The number of CPU cores that can be reclaimed from terminated or scaled-down Autonomous Databases.
* `reservedCpus` - The number of CPU cores reserved for system operations and redundancy.
* `scanListenerPortNonTls` - The SCAN listener port for non-TLS (TCP) protocol. The default is 1521.
* `scanListenerPortTls` - The SCAN listener port for TLS (TCP) protocol. The default is 2484.
* `shape` - The shape of the Exadata infrastructure for the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `status` - The status of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `statusReason` - Additional information about the current status of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `timeDatabaseSslCertificateExpires` - The expiration date and time of the database SSL certificate.
* `timeOrdsCertificateExpires` - The expiration date and time of the Oracle REST Data Services (ORDS)certificate.
* `timeZone` - The time zone of the Autonomous VM cluster.
* `totalContainerDatabases` - The total number of Autonomous Container Databases that can be created with the allocated local storage.
* `tags` - A map of tags to assign to the exadata infrastructure. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.
* `maintenanceWindow` - The maintenance window for the Autonomous VM cluster.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-78cb146f26a14fbb416c6b9e7282b47d78510085d7f8c5e0ba2d4fcfd6329f37 -->