---
subcategory: "Oracle Database@AWS"
layout: "AWS: aws_odb_network"
page_title: "AWS: aws_odb_network"
description: |-
  Terraform data source to retrieve odb network for Oracle Database@AWS.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_odb_network

Terraform data source for to retrieve network resource in AWS for Oracle Database@AWS.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsOdbNetwork } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-odb-network";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsOdbNetwork(this, "example", {
      id: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `id` - (Required)  Unique identifier of the odb network resource.

The following arguments are optional:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - Unique identifier of the odb network resource.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the odb network resource.
* `displayName` - Display name for the network resource.
* `availabilityZoneId` - The AZ ID of the AZ where the ODB network is located.
* `availabilityZone` - The availability zone where the ODB network is located.
* `backupSubnetCidr` - The CIDR range of the backup subnet for the ODB network.
* `clientSubnetCidr` - The CIDR notation for the network resource.
* `customDomainName` - The name of the custom domain that the network is located.
* `defaultDnsPrefix` - The default DNS prefix for the network resource.
* `ociNetworkAnchorId` - The unique identifier of the OCI network anchor for the ODB network.
* `ociNetworkAnchorUrl` - The URL of the OCI network anchor for the ODB network.
* `ociResourceAnchorName` - The name of the OCI resource anchor for the ODB network.
* `ociVcnId` - The unique identifier  Oracle Cloud ID (OCID) of the OCI VCN for the ODB network.
* `ociVcnUrl` - The URL of the OCI VCN for the ODB network.
* `percentProgress` - The amount of progress made on the current operation on the ODB network, expressed as a percentage.
* `peeredCidrs` - The list of CIDR ranges from the peered VPC that are allowed access to the ODB network. Please refer odb network peering documentation.
* `status` - The status of the network resource.
* `statusReason` - Additional information about the current status of the ODB network.
* `createdAt` - The date and time when the ODB network was created.
* `managedServices` - The managed services configuration for the ODB network.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-6bdd1ab2661b2230e3deaebcabd0d7326ec0a17939f37bd8efb33be17b86bbca -->