---
subcategory: "Oracle Database@AWS"
layout: "AWS: aws_odb_db_node"
page_title: "AWS: aws_odb_db_node"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing db node linked to cloud vm cluster of Oracle Database@AWS.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_odb_db_node

Terraform data source for manging db nodes linked to cloud vm cluster of Oracle Database@AWS.

You can find out more about Oracle Database@AWS from [User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/odb/latest/UserGuide/what-is-odb.html).

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsOdbDbNode } from "./.gen/providers/aws/";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsOdbDbNode(this, "example", {
      cloud_vm_cluster_id: "cloud_vm_cluster_id",
      id: "db_node_id",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `cloud_vm_cluster_id` - (Required) The unique identifier of the cloud vm cluster.
* `id` - (Required) The unique identifier of db node associated with vm cluster.

The following arguments are optional:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `cloud_vm_cluster_id` - The ID of the cloud VM cluster.
* `status` - The current status of the DB node.
* `statusReason` - Additional information about the status of the DB node.
* `additional_details` - Additional information about the planned maintenance.
* `backup_ip_id` - The Oracle Cloud ID (OCID) of the backup IP address that's associated with the DB node.
* `backup_vnic2_id` - The OCID of the second backup VNIC.
* `backup_vnic_id` - The OCID of the backup VNIC.
* `cpuCoreCount` - The number of CPU cores enabled on the DB node.
* `db_storage_size_in_gbs` - The amount of local node storage, in gigabytes (GB), allocated on the DB node.
* `db_server_id` - The unique identifier of the DB server that is associated with the DB node.
* `dbSystemId` - The OCID of the DB system.
* `fault_domain` - The name of the fault domain the instance is contained in.
* `host_ip_id` - The OCID of the host IP address that's associated with the DB node.
* `hostname` - The host name for the DB node.
* `ocid` - The OCID of the DB node.
* `ociResourceAnchorName` - The name of the OCI resource anchor for the DB node.
* `maintenance_type` - The type of database node maintenance. Either VMDB_REBOOT_MIGRATION or EXADBXS_REBOOT_MIGRATION.
* `memorySizeInGbs` - The allocated memory in GBs on the DB node.
* `software_storage_size_in_gbs` - The size (in GB) of the block storage volume allocation for the DB system.
* `createdAt` - The date and time when the DB node was created.
* `time_maintenance_window_end` - The end date and time of the maintenance window.
* `time_maintenance_window_start` - The start date and time of the maintenance window.
* `total_cpu_core_count` - The total number of CPU cores reserved on the DB node.
* `vnic2_id` - The OCID of the second VNIC.
* `vnic_id` - The OCID of the VNIC.
* `privateIpAddress` - The private IP address assigned to the DB node.
* `floating_ip_address` - The floating IP address assigned to the DB node.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-864e33470798a84a73996b52d96965670c6532a86e8cb3259e0a904c8f30851d -->