---
subcategory: "OpenSearch"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_opensearch_domain"
description: |-
  Get information on an OpenSearch Domain resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_opensearch_domain

Use this data source to get information about an OpenSearch Domain

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsOpensearchDomain } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-opensearch-domain";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsOpensearchDomain(this, "my_domain", {
      domainName: "my-domain-name",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `domainName` – (Required) Name of the domain.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `accessPolicies` – Policy document attached to the domain.
* `advancedOptions` - Key-value string pairs to specify advanced configuration options.
* `advancedSecurityOptions` - Status of the OpenSearch domain's advanced security options. The block consists of the following attributes:
    * `enabled` - Whether advanced security is enabled.
    * `internalUserDatabaseEnabled` - Whether the internal user database is enabled.
* `arn` – ARN of the domain.
* `autoTuneOptions` - Configuration of the Auto-Tune options of the domain.
    * `desiredState` - Auto-Tune desired state for the domain.
    * `maintenanceSchedule` - A list of the nested configurations for the Auto-Tune maintenance windows of the domain.
        * `startAt` - Date and time at which the Auto-Tune maintenance schedule starts in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8).
        * `duration` - Configuration block for the duration of the Auto-Tune maintenance window.
            * `value` - Duration of an Auto-Tune maintenance window.
            * `unit` - Unit of time.
        * `cronExpressionForRecurrence` - Cron expression for an Auto-Tune maintenance schedule.
    * `rollbackOnDisable` - Whether the domain is set to roll back to default Auto-Tune settings when disabling Auto-Tune.
    * `useOffPeakWindow` - Whether to schedule Auto-Tune optimizations that require blue/green deployments during the domain's configured daily off-peak window.
* `clusterConfig` - Cluster configuration of the domain.
    * `coldStorageOptions` - Configuration block containing cold storage configuration.
        * `enabled` - Indicates  cold storage is enabled.
    * `instanceType` - Instance type of data nodes in the cluster.
    * `instanceCount` - Number of instances in the cluster.
    * `dedicatedMasterEnabled` - Indicates whether dedicated master nodes are enabled for the cluster.
    * `dedicatedMasterType` - Instance type of the dedicated master nodes in the cluster.
    * `dedicatedMasterCount` - Number of dedicated master nodes in the cluster.
    * `multiAzWithStandbyEnabled` - Whether a multi-AZ domain is turned on with a standby AZ.
    * `zoneAwarenessEnabled` - Indicates whether zone awareness is enabled.
    * `zoneAwarenessConfig` - Configuration block containing zone awareness settings.
        * `availabilityZoneCount` - Number of availability zones used.
    * `warmEnabled` - Warm storage is enabled.
    * `warmCount` - Number of warm nodes in the cluster.
    * `warmType` - Instance type for the OpenSearch cluster's warm nodes.
* `cognitoOptions` - Domain Amazon Cognito Authentication options for Dashboard.
    * `enabled` - Whether Amazon Cognito Authentication is enabled.
    * `userPoolId` - Cognito User pool used by the domain.
    * `identityPoolId` - Cognito Identity pool used by the domain.
    * `roleArn` - IAM Role with the AmazonOpenSearchServiceCognitoAccess policy attached.
* `created` – Status of the creation of the domain.
* `dashboardEndpoint` - Domain-specific endpoint used to access the [Dashboard application](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/dashboards.html).
* `deleted` – Status of the deletion of the domain.
* `domainId` – Unique identifier for the domain.
* `ebsOptions` - EBS Options for the instances in the domain.
    * `ebsEnabled` - Whether EBS volumes are attached to data nodes in the domain.
    * `throughput` - The throughput (in MiB/s) of the EBS volumes attached to data nodes.
    * `volumeType` - Type of EBS volumes attached to data nodes.
    * `volumeSize` - Size of EBS volumes attached to data nodes (in GB).
    * `iops` - Baseline input/output (I/O) performance of EBS volumes attached to data nodes.
* `engineVersion` – OpenSearch version for the domain.
* `encryptionAtRest` - Domain encryption at rest related options.
    * `enabled` - Whether encryption at rest is enabled in the domain.
    * `kmsKeyId` - KMS key id used to encrypt data at rest.
* `endpoint` – Domain-specific endpoint used to submit index, search, and data upload requests.
* `ipAddressType` - Type of IP addresses supported by the endpoint for the domain.
* `kibanaEndpoint` - (**Deprecated**) Domain-specific endpoint for kibana without https scheme. Use the `dashboardEndpoint` attribute instead.
* `logPublishingOptions` - Domain log publishing related options.
    * `logType` - Type of OpenSearch log being published.
    * `cloudwatchLogGroupArn` - CloudWatch Log Group where the logs are published.
    * `enabled` - Whether log publishing is enabled.
* `nodeToNodeEncryption` - Domain in transit encryption related options.
    * `enabled` - Whether node to node encryption is enabled.
* `offPeakWindowOptions` - Off Peak update options
    * `enabled` - Enabled disabled toggle for off-peak update window
    * `offPeakWindow`
        * `windowStartTime` - 10h window for updates
            * `hours` - Starting hour of the 10-hour window for updates
            * `minutes` - Starting minute of the 10-hour window for updates
* `processing` – Status of a configuration change in the domain.
* `snapshotOptions` – Domain snapshot related options.
    * `automatedSnapshotStartHour` - Hour during which the service takes an automated daily snapshot of the indices in the domain.
* `softwareUpdateOptions` - Software update options for the domain
    * `autoSoftwareUpdateEnabled` - Enabled or disabled.
* `tags` - Tags assigned to the domain.
* `vpcOptions` - VPC Options for private OpenSearch domains.
    * `availabilityZones` - Availability zones used by the domain.
    * `securityGroupIds` - Security groups used by the domain.
    * `subnetIds` - Subnets used by the domain.
    * `vpcId` - VPC used by the domain.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-9ad96ddccd055a8801cf41664d1bc56b8cf4e140901a238bc44f8b3314f475e2 -->