---
subcategory: "QuickSight"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_quicksight_theme"
description: |-
  Use this data source to fetch information about a QuickSight Theme.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_quicksight_theme

Terraform data source for managing an AWS QuickSight Theme.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsQuicksightTheme } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-quicksight-theme";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsQuicksightTheme(this, "example", {
      themeId: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `themeId` - Identifier of the theme.

The following arguments are optional:

* `awsAccountId` - AWS account ID.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of the theme.
* `baseThemeId` - The ID of the theme that a custom theme will inherit from. All themes inherit from one of the starting themes defined by Amazon QuickSight.
* `configuration` - The theme configuration, which contains the theme display properties. See [configuration](#configuration).
* `createdTime` - The time that the theme was created.
* `id` - A comma-delimited string joining AWS account ID and theme ID.
* `lastUpdatedTime` - The time that the theme was last updated.
* `name` - Display name of the theme.
* `permissions` - A set of resource permissions on the theme. See [permissions](#permissions).
* `status` - The theme creation status.
* `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](/docs/providers/aws/index.html#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `versionDescription` - A description of the current theme version being created/updated.
* `versionNumber` - The version number of the theme version.

### permissions

* `actions` - List of IAM actions to grant or revoke permissions on.
* `principal` - ARN of the principal. See the [ResourcePermission documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quicksight/latest/APIReference/API_ResourcePermission.html) for the applicable ARN values.

### configuration

* `dataColorPalette` - Color properties that apply to chart data colors. See [data_color_palette](#data_color_palette).
* `sheet` - Display options related to sheets. See [sheet](#sheet).
* `typography` - Determines the typography options. See [typography](#typography).
* `uiColorPalette` - Color properties that apply to the UI and to charts, excluding the colors that apply to data. See [ui_color_palette](#ui_color_palette).

### data_color_palette

* `colors` - List of hexadecimal codes for the colors. Minimum of 8 items and maximum of 20 items.
* `emptyFillColor` - The hexadecimal code of a color that applies to charts where a lack of data is highlighted.
* `minMaxGradient` - The minimum and maximum hexadecimal codes that describe a color gradient. List of exactly 2 items.

### sheet

* `tile` - The display options for tiles. See [tile](#tile).
* `tileLayout` - The layout options for tiles. See [tile_layout](#tile_layout).

### tile

* `border` - The border around a tile. See [border](#border).

### border

* `show` - The option to enable display of borders for visuals.

### tile_layout

* `gutter` - The gutter settings that apply between tiles. See [gutter](#gutter).
* `margin` - The margin settings that apply around the outside edge of sheets. See [margin](#margin).

### gutter

* `show` - This Boolean value controls whether to display a gutter space between sheet tiles.

### margin

* `show` - This Boolean value controls whether to display sheet margins.

### typography

* `fontFamilies` - Determines the list of font families. Maximum number of 5 items. See [font_families](#font_families).

### font_families

* `fontFamily` - Font family name.

### ui_color_palette

* `accent` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to selected states and buttons.
* `accentForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to any text or other elements that appear over the accent color.
* `danger` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to error messages.
* `dangerForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to any text or other elements that appear over the error color.
* `dimension` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to the names of fields that are identified as dimensions.
* `dimensionForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to any text or other elements that appear over the dimension color.
* `measure` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to the names of fields that are identified as measures.
* `measureForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to any text or other elements that appear over the measure color.
* `primaryBackground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to visuals and other high emphasis UI.
* `primaryForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) of text and other foreground elements that appear over the primary background regions, such as grid lines, borders, table banding, icons, and so on.
* `secondaryBackground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to the sheet background and sheet controls.
* `secondaryForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to any sheet title, sheet control text, or UI that appears over the secondary background.
* `success` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to success messages, for example the check mark for a successful download.
* `successForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to any text or other elements that appear over the success color.
* `warning` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to warning and informational messages.
* `warningForeground` - Color (hexadecimal) that applies to any text or other elements that appear over the warning color.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-2daca04fcd76a4ea2ca17ad1ba924c5d29610a6687a891e20570267c4f9bd850 -->