---
subcategory: "Redshift"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_redshift_cluster_credentials"
description: |-
  Provides redshift cluster credentials
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_redshift_cluster_credentials

Provides redshift cluster temporary credentials.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsRedshiftClusterCredentials } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-redshift-cluster-credentials";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsRedshiftClusterCredentials(this, "example", {
      clusterIdentifier: Token.asString(
        awsRedshiftClusterExample.clusterIdentifier
      ),
      dbUser: Token.asString(awsRedshiftClusterExample.masterUsername),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `autoCreate` - (Optional)  Create a database user with the name specified for the user named in `db_user` if one does not exist.
* `clusterIdentifier` - (Required) Unique identifier of the cluster that contains the database for which your are requesting credentials.
* `dbName` - (Optional) Name of a database that DbUser is authorized to log on to. If `db_name` is not specified, `db_user` can log on to any existing database.
* `dbUser` - (Required) Name of a database user. If a user name matching `db_user` exists in the database, the temporary user credentials have the same permissions as the  existing user. If `db_user` doesn't exist in the database and `auto_create` is `True`, a new user is created using the value for `db_user` with `PUBLIC` permissions.  If a database user matching the value for `db_user` doesn't exist and `not` is `False`, then the command succeeds but the connection attempt will fail because the user doesn't exist in the database.
* `dbGroups` - (Optional) List of the names of existing database groups that the user named in `db_user` will join for the current session, in addition to any group memberships for an existing user. If not specified, a new user is added only to `PUBLIC`.
* `durationSeconds` - (Optional) The number of seconds until the returned temporary password expires. Valid values are between `900` and `3600`. Default value is `900`.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `dbPassword` - Temporary password that authorizes the user name returned by `db_user` to log on to the database `db_name`.
* `expiration` - Date and time the password in `db_password` expires.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-213149af130486a765c70a3136e8b43c8007a43f9271c0b532f89e893f1f207c -->