---
subcategory: "Route 53 Resolver"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group_association"
description: |-
    Retrieves the specified firewall rule group association.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group_association

`awsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation` Retrieves the specified firewall rule group association.

This data source allows to retrieve details about a specific a Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall rule group association.

## Example Usage

The following example shows how to get a firewall rule group association from its id.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-route53-resolver-firewall-rule-group-association";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroupAssociation(this, "example", {
      firewallRuleGroupAssociationId: "rslvr-frgassoc-example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `firewallRuleGroupAssociationId` - (Required) The identifier for the association.

The following attribute is additionally exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the firewall rule group association.
* `creationTime` - The date and time that the association was created, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `creatorRequestId` - A unique string defined by you to identify the request.
* `firewallRuleGroupId` - The unique identifier of the firewall rule group.
* `managedOwnerName` - The owner of the association, used only for associations that are not managed by you.
* `modificationTime` - The date and time that the association was last modified, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `mutationProtection` - If enabled, this setting disallows modification or removal of the association, to help prevent against accidentally altering DNS firewall protections.
* `name` - The name of the association.
* `priority` - The setting that determines the processing order of the rule group among the rule groups that are associated with a single VPC.
* `status` - The current status of the association.
* `statusMessage` - Additional information about the status of the response, if available.
* `vpcId` - The unique identifier of the VPC that is associated with the rule group.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-96baaccea7a8993bc2b43ff8bcd9ea43595994e4407fb3bc1d20edf090565dd8 -->