---
subcategory: "Route 53"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route53_zone"
description: |-
    Provides details about a specific Route 53 Hosted Zone
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_route53_zone

`awsRoute53Zone` provides details about a specific Route 53 Hosted Zone.

This data source allows to find a Hosted Zone ID given Hosted Zone name and certain search criteria.

## Example Usage

The following example shows how to get a Hosted Zone from its name and from this data how to create a Record Set.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { Token, TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsRoute53Zone } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-route53-zone";
import { Route53Record } from "./.gen/providers/aws/route53-record";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const selected = new DataAwsRoute53Zone(this, "selected", {
      name: "test.com.",
      privateZone: true,
    });
    new Route53Record(this, "www", {
      name: "www.${" + selected.name + "}",
      records: ["10.0.0.1"],
      ttl: Token.asNumber("300"),
      type: "A",
      zoneId: Token.asString(selected.zoneId),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The arguments of this data source act as filters for querying the available
Hosted Zone. You have to use `zoneId` or `name`, not both of them. The given filter must match exactly one
Hosted Zone. If you use `name` field for private Hosted Zone, you need to add `privateZone` field to `true`

* `zoneId` - (Optional) Hosted Zone id of the desired Hosted Zone.

* `name` - (Optional) Hosted Zone name of the desired Hosted Zone.
* `privateZone` - (Optional) Used with `name` field to get a private Hosted Zone.
* `vpcId` - (Optional) Used with `name` field to get a private Hosted Zone associated with the vpc_id (in this case, private_zone is not mandatory).
* `tags` - (Optional) Used with `name` field. A map of tags, each pair of which must exactly match a pair on the desired Hosted Zone.

## Attribute Reference

All of the argument attributes are also exported as
result attributes. This data source will complete the data by populating
any fields that are not included in the configuration with the data for
the selected Hosted Zone.

The following attribute is additionally exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the Hosted Zone.
* `callerReference` - Caller Reference of the Hosted Zone.
* `comment` - Comment field of the Hosted Zone.
* `nameServers` - List of DNS name servers for the Hosted Zone.
* `primaryNameServer` - The Route 53 name server that created the SOA record.
* `resourceRecordSetCount` - The number of Record Set in the Hosted Zone.
* `linkedServicePrincipal` - The service that created the Hosted Zone (e.g., `servicediscovery.amazonaws.com`).
* `linkedServiceDescription` - The description provided by the service that created the Hosted Zone (e.g., `arn:aws:servicediscovery:us-east-1:1234567890:namespace/ns-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx`).

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-1a22cb50fe32eb087fe481e2a504db0755c6d63fe989e4c8e5bb2e37f803debb -->