---
subcategory: "Route 53 Resolver"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group"
description: |-
    Retrieves the specified firewall rule group.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group

`aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group` Retrieves the specified firewall rule group.

This data source allows to retrieve details about a specific a Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall rule group.

## Example Usage

The following example shows how to get a firewall rule group from its ID.

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroup } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-route53-resolver-firewall-rule-group";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroup(this, "example", {
      firewallRuleGroupId: "rslvr-frg-example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `firewallRuleGroupId` - (Required) The ID of the rule group.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the rule group.
* `creationTime` - The date and time that the rule group was created, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `creatorRequestId` - A unique string defined by you to identify the request.
* `name` - The name of the rule group.
* `modificationTime` - The date and time that the rule group was last modified, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `ownerId` - The Amazon Web Services account ID for the account that created the rule group. When a rule group is shared with your account, this is the account that has shared the rule group with you.
* `ruleCount` - The number of rules in the rule group.
* `shareStatus` - Whether the rule group is shared with other Amazon Web Services accounts, or was shared with the current account by another Amazon Web Services account.
* `status` - The status of the rule group.
* `statusMessage` - Additional information about the status of the rule group, if available.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-8069d12d328598aeae455c0d69cc5b731835f4e00e8998c457616dd59401902e -->