---
subcategory: "S3 Control"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3_access_point"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific S3 access point
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_s3_access_point

Provides details about a specific S3 access point.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsS3AccessPoint } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-s3-access-point";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsS3AccessPoint(this, "example", {
      name: "example-access-point",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `accountId` - (Optional) AWS account ID for the account that owns the specified access point.
* `name` - (Required) Name of the access point.
* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `alias` - Access point alias.
* `arn` - Access point ARN.
* `bucket` - Name of the bucket associated with the access point.
* `bucketAccountId` - AWS account ID associated with the S3 bucket associated with the access point.
* `dataSourceId` - Unique identifier for the data source of the access point.
* `dataSourceType` - Type of the data source that the access point is attached to.
* `endpoints` - VPC endpoint for the access point.
* `networkOrigin` - Indicates whether the access point allows access from the public Internet.
* `publicAccessBlockConfiguration` - `PublicAccessBlock` configuration for the access point.
    * `blockPublicAcls` - Whether Amazon S3 blocks public ACLs for buckets in this account.
    * `blockPublicPolicy` - Whether Amazon S3 blocks public bucket policies for buckets in this account.
    * `ignorePublicAcls` - Whether Amazon S3 ignores public ACLs for buckets in this account.
    * `restrictPublicBuckets` - Whether Amazon S3 restricts public bucket policies for buckets in this account.
* `tags` - Tags assigned to the access point.
* `vpcConfiguration` - VPC configuration for the access point.
    * `vpcId` - Access point will only allow connections from this VPC.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-026d8a379ee0ad0a3d73d4f5bc3e6c45122c561d36e04b20e806d194ea1881d8 -->