---
subcategory: "S3 Control"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_s3control_multi_region_access_point"
description: |-
  Provides details an S3 Multi-Region Access Point.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_s3control_multi_region_access_point

Provides details on a specific S3 Multi-Region Access Point.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsS3ControlMultiRegionAccessPoint } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-s3-control-multi-region-access-point";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsS3ControlMultiRegionAccessPoint(this, "example", {
      name: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `accountId` - (Optional) The AWS account ID of the S3 Multi-Region Access Point. Defaults to automatically determined account ID of the Terraform AWS provider.
* `name` - (Required) The name of the Multi-Region Access Point.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `alias` - The alias for the Multi-Region Access Point.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point.
* `createdAt` - Timestamp when the resource has been created.
* `domainName` - The DNS domain name of the S3 Multi-Region Access Point in the format _`alias`_.accesspoint.s3-global.amazonaws.com. For more information, see the documentation on [Multi-Region Access Point Requests](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/MultiRegionAccessPointRequests.html).
* `publicAccessBlock` - Public Access Block of the Multi-Region Access Point. Detailed below.
* `regions` - A collection of the regions and buckets associated with the Multi-Region Access Point.
* `status` - The current status of the Multi-Region Access Point.

### public_access_block

* `blockPublicAcls` - Specifies whether Amazon S3 should block public access control lists (ACLs). When set to `true` causes the following behavior:
    * PUT Bucket acl and PUT Object acl calls fail if the specified ACL is public.
    * PUT Object calls fail if the request includes a public ACL.
    * PUT Bucket calls fail if the request includes a public ACL.
* `blockPublicPolicy` - Specifies whether Amazon S3 should block public bucket policies for buckets in this account. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Reject calls to PUT Bucket policy if the specified bucket policy allows public access.
* `ignorePublicAcls` - Specifies whether Amazon S3 should ignore public ACLs for buckets in this account. When set to `true` causes Amazon S3 to:
    * Ignore all public ACLs on buckets in this account and any objects that they contain.
* `restrictPublicBuckets` - Specifies whether Amazon S3 should restrict public bucket policies for buckets in this account. When set to `true`:
    * Only the bucket owner and AWS Services can access buckets with public policies.

### regions

* `bucket` - The name of the bucket.
* `bucketAccountId` - The AWS account ID that owns the bucket.
* `region` - The name of the region.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-4b2d4507f55425b893c6a7909b5f48feef1f322a3ab4bf8683d78ca9a96619fb -->