---
subcategory: "SageMaker"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_prebuilt_ecr_image"
description: |-
  Get information about prebuilt Amazon SageMaker Docker images.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_sagemaker_prebuilt_ecr_image

Get information about prebuilt Amazon SageMaker Docker images.

~> **NOTE:** The AWS provider creates a validly constructed `registryPath` but does not verify that the `registryPath` corresponds to an existing image. For example, using a `registryPath` containing an `imageTag` that does not correspond to a Docker image in the ECR repository, will result in an error.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsSagemakerPrebuiltEcrImage } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-sagemaker-prebuilt-ecr-image";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsSagemakerPrebuiltEcrImage(this, "test", {
      imageTag: "2.2-1.0.11.0",
      repositoryName: "sagemaker-scikit-learn",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `repositoryName` - (Required) Name of the repository, which is generally the algorithm or library. Values include `blazingtext`, `factorization-machines`, `forecasting-deepar`, `image-classification`, `ipinsights`, `kmeans`, `knn`, `lda`, `linear-learner`, `mxnet-inference-eia`, `mxnet-inference`, `mxnet-training`, `ntm`, `object-detection`, `object2vec`, `pca`, `pytorch-inference-eia`, `pytorch-inference`, `pytorch-training`, `randomcutforest`, `sagemaker-scikit-learn`, `sagemaker-sparkml-serving`, `sagemaker-xgboost`, `semantic-segmentation`, `seq2seq`, `tensorflow-inference-eia`, `tensorflow-inference`, `tensorflow-training`, `huggingface-tensorflow-training`, `huggingface-tensorflow-inference`, `huggingface-pytorch-training`, and `huggingface-pytorch-inference`.
* `dnsSuffix` - (Optional) DNS suffix to use in the registry path. If not specified, the AWS provider sets it to the DNS suffix for the current region.
* `imageTag` - (Optional) Image tag for the Docker image. If not specified, the AWS provider sets the value to `1`, which for many repositories indicates the latest version. Some repositories, such as XGBoost, do not support `1` or `latest` and specific version must be used.
* `region` (Optional) - Region to use in the registry path. If not specified, the AWS provider sets it to the current region.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `registryId` - Account ID containing the image. For example, `469771592824`.
* `registryPath` - Docker image URL. For example, `341280168497.dkr.ecr.ca-central-1.amazonaws.com/sagemaker-sparkml-serving:2.4`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-9f7430a5070692161cbacbbecaaf444a21d44fae9e8ba95244364cce1a3659ec -->