---
subcategory: "Signer"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_signer_signing_job"
description: |-
  Provides a Signer Signing Job data source.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_signer_signing_job

Provides information about a Signer Signing Job.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsSignerSigningJob } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-signer-signing-job";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsSignerSigningJob(this, "build_signing_job", {
      jobId: "9ed7e5c3-b8d4-4da0-8459-44e0b068f7ee",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `jobId` - (Required) ID of the signing job on output.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `completedAt` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was completed.
* `createdAt` - Date and time in [RFC3339 format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.8) that the signing job was created.
* `jobInvoker` - IAM entity that initiated the signing job.
* `jobOwner` - AWS account ID of the job owner.
* `platformDisplayName` - A human-readable name for the signing platform associated with the signing job.
* `platformId` - Platform to which your signed code image will be distributed.
* `profileName` - Name of the profile that initiated the signing operation.
* `profileVersion` - Version of the signing profile used to initiate the signing job.
* `requestedBy` - IAM principal that requested the signing job.
* `revocationRecord` - Revocation record if the signature generated by the signing job has been revoked. Contains a timestamp and the ID of the IAM entity that revoked the signature.
* `signatureExpiresAt` - The time when the signature of a signing job expires.
* `signedObject` - Name of the S3 bucket where the signed code image is saved by code signing.
* `source` - Object that contains the name of your S3 bucket or your raw code.
* `status` - Status of the signing job.
* `statusReason` - String value that contains the status reason.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.19.0 input-da438917e91506b32ffdad63f1749fec4c7fba78b31e711db78cd6ea684d041b -->