---
subcategory: "SSM (Systems Manager)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ssm_patch_baseline"
description: |-
  Provides an SSM Patch Baseline data source
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ssm_patch_baseline

Provides an SSM Patch Baseline data source. Useful if you wish to reuse the default baselines provided.

## Example Usage

To retrieve a baseline provided by AWS:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsSsmPatchBaseline } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-ssm-patch-baseline";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsSsmPatchBaseline(this, "centos", {
      namePrefix: "AWS-",
      operatingSystem: "CENTOS",
      owner: "AWS",
    });
  }
}

```

To retrieve a baseline on your account:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsSsmPatchBaseline } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-ssm-patch-baseline";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsSsmPatchBaseline(this, "default_custom", {
      defaultBaseline: true,
      namePrefix: "MyCustomBaseline",
      operatingSystem: "WINDOWS",
      owner: "Self",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `owner` - (Required) Owner of the baseline. Valid values: `All`, `AWS`, `Self` (the current account).

The following arguments are optional:

* `defaultBaseline` - (Optional) Filters the results against the baselines default_baseline field.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional) Filter results by the baseline name prefix.
* `operatingSystem` - (Optional) Specified OS for the baseline. Valid values: `AMAZON_LINUX`, `AMAZON_LINUX_2`, `UBUNTU`, `REDHAT_ENTERPRISE_LINUX`, `SUSE`, `CENTOS`, `ORACLE_LINUX`, `DEBIAN`, `MACOS`, `RASPBIAN` and `ROCKY_LINUX`.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `approvedPatches` - List of explicitly approved patches for the baseline.
* `approvedPatchesComplianceLevel` - Compliance level for approved patches.
* `approvedPatchesEnableNonSecurity` - Indicates whether the list of approved patches includes non-security updates that should be applied to the instances.
* `approvalRule` - List of rules used to include patches in the baseline.
    * `approveAfterDays` - Number of days after the release date of each patch matched by the rule the patch is marked as approved in the patch baseline.
    * `approveUntilDate` - Cutoff date for auto approval of released patches. Any patches released on or before this date are installed automatically. Date is formatted as `YYYY-MM-DD`. Conflicts with `approveAfterDays`
    * `complianceLevel` - Compliance level for patches approved by this rule.
    * `enableNonSecurity` - Boolean enabling the application of non-security updates.
    * `patchFilter` - Patch filter group that defines the criteria for the rule.
        * `key` - Key for the filter.
        * `values` - Value for the filter.
* `globalFilter` - Set of global filters used to exclude patches from the baseline.
    * `key` - Key for the filter.
    * `values` - Value for the filter.
* `id` - ID of the baseline.
* `json` - JSON representation of the baseline.
* `name` - Name of the baseline.
* `description` - Description of the baseline.
* `rejectedPatches` - List of rejected patches.
* `rejectedPatchesAction` - Action specified to take on patches included in the `rejectedPatches` list.
* `source` - Information about the patches to use to update the managed nodes, including target operating systems and source repositories.
    * `configuration` - Value of the yum repo configuration.
    * `name` - Name specified to identify the patch source.
    * `products` - Specific operating system versions a patch repository applies to.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-8ee6d71e67ed884af76dd23dafa24872940eb751791d12905502839059364dab -->