---
subcategory: "SSM Incident Manager Incidents"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ssmincidents_response_plan"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing a response plan in AWS Systems Manager Incident Manager.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_ssmincidents_response_plan

Use this Terraform data source to manage a response plan in AWS Systems Manager Incident Manager.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { SsmincidentsResponsePlan } from "./.gen/providers/aws/ssmincidents-response-plan";
interface MyConfig {
  incidentTemplate: any;
  name: any;
}
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string, config: MyConfig) {
    super(scope, name);
    new SsmincidentsResponsePlan(this, "example", {
      arn: "exampleARN",
      incidentTemplate: config.incidentTemplate,
      name: config.name,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `arn` - (Required) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the response plan.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `name` - The name of the response plan.
* `tags` - The tags applied to the response plan.
* `displayName` - The long format of the response plan name. This field can contain spaces.
* `chatChannel` - The Chatbot chat channel used for collaboration during an incident.
* `engagements` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the contacts and escalation plans that the response plan engages during an incident.

The `incidentTemplate` configuration block exports the following attributes:

* `title` - The title of a generated incident.
* `impact` - The impact value of a generated incident. The following values are supported:
    * `1` - Severe Impact
    * `2` - High Impact
    * `3` - Medium Impact
    * `4` - Low Impact
    * `5` - No Impact
* `dedupeString` - A string used to stop Incident Manager from creating multiple incident records for the same incident.
* `incidentTags` - The tags assigned to an incident template. When an incident starts, Incident Manager assigns the tags specified in the template to the incident.
* `summary` - The summary of an incident.
* `notificationTarget` - The Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) targets that this incident notifies when it is updated. The `notificationTarget` configuration block supports the following argument:
    * `snsTopicArn` - The ARN of the Amazon SNS topic.

The `action` configuration block exports the following attributes:

* `action` - (Optional) The actions that the response plan starts at the beginning of an incident.
    * `ssmAutomation` - The Systems Manager automation document to start as the runbook at the beginning of the incident. The following values are supported:
        * `documentName` - The automation document's name.
        * `roleArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role that the automation document assumes when it runs commands.
        * `documentVersion` - The version of the automation document to use at runtime.
        * `targetAccount` - The account that runs the automation document. This can be in either the management account or an application account.
        * `parameter` - The key-value pair parameters used when the automation document runs. The following values are supported:
            * `name` - The name of parameter.
            * `values` - The values for the associated parameter name.
        * `dynamicParameters` - The key-value pair used to resolve dynamic parameter values when processing a Systems Manager Automation runbook.

The `integration` configuration block exports the following attributes:

* `integration` - Information about third-party services integrated into the response plan. The following values are supported:
    * `pagerduty` - Details about the PagerDuty configuration for a response plan. The following values are supported:
        * `name` - The name of the PagerDuty configuration.
        * `serviceId` - The ID of the PagerDuty service that the response plan associates with an incident when it launches.
        * `secretId` - The ID of the AWS Secrets Manager secret that stores your PagerDuty key &mdash; either a General Access REST API Key or User Token REST API Key &mdash; and other user credentials.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-53143826544758b79c896d3903f1f26c1fb9c78df0ebb1d8a86f77ef47ffac71 -->