---
subcategory: "Transfer Family"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_transfer_connector"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing an AWS Transfer Family Connector.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_transfer_connector

Terraform data source for managing an AWS Transfer Family Connector.

### Basic Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsTransferConnector } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-transfer-connector";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsTransferConnector(this, "test", {
      id: "c-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `id` - (Required) Unique identifier for connector

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `accessRole` - ARN of the AWS Identity and Access Management role.
* `arn` - ARN of the Connector.
* `as2Config` - Structure containing the parameters for an AS2 connector object. Contains the following attributes:
    * `basic_auth_secret_id` -  Basic authentication for AS2 connector API. Returns a null value if not set.
    * `compression` - Specifies whether AS2 file is compressed. Will be ZLIB or DISABLED
    * `encryptionAlgorithm` - Algorithm used to encrypt file. Will be AES128_CBC or AES192_CBC or AES256_CBC or DES_EDE3_CBC or NONE.
    * `localProfileId` - Unique identifier for AS2 local profile.
    * `mdnResponse` - Used for outbound requests to tell if response is asynchronous or not. Will be either SYNC or NONE.
    * `mdnSigningAlgorithm` - Signing algorithm for MDN response. Will be SHA256 or SHA384 or SHA512 or SHA1 or NONE or DEFAULT.
    * `messageSubject` - Subject HTTP header attribute in outbound AS2 messages to the connector.
    * `partnerProfileId` - Unique identifier used by connector for partner profile.
    * `signingAlgorithm` - Algorithm used for signing AS2 messages sent with the connector.
* `loggingRole` -  ARN of the IAM role that allows a connector to turn on CLoudwatch logging for Amazon S3 events.
* `securityPolicyName` - Name of security policy.
* `serviceManagedEgressIpAddresses` - List of egress Ip addresses.
* `sftpConfig` - Object containing the following attributes:
    * `trustedHostKeys` - List of the public portions of the host keys that are used to identify the servers the connector is connected to.
    * `userSecretId` - Identifer for the secret in AWS Secrets Manager that contains the SFTP user's private key, and/or password.
* `tags` - Object containing the following attributes:
    * `key` - Name of the tag.
    * `value` - Values associated with the tags key.
* `url` - URL of the partner's AS2 or SFTP endpoint.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-d8010c6834c55c360923308a4a5d05caa5bc79a08016e4759049157e780c9bbf -->