---
subcategory: "Transfer Family"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_transfer_server"
description: |-
  Get information on an AWS Transfer Server resource
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_transfer_server

Use this data source to get the ARN of an AWS Transfer Server for use in other
resources.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsTransferServer } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-transfer-server";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsTransferServer(this, "example", {
      serverId: "s-1234567",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `serverId` - (Required) ID for an SFTP server.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `arn` - ARN of Transfer Server.
* `certificate` - ARN of any certificate.
* `domain` -  The domain of the storage system that is used for file transfers.
* `endpoint` - Endpoint of the Transfer Server (e.g., `s-12345678.server.transfer.REGION.amazonaws.com`).
* `endpointType` - Type of endpoint that the server is connected to.
* `identityProviderType` - The mode of authentication enabled for this service. The default value is `SERVICE_MANAGED`, which allows you to store and access SFTP user credentials within the service. `API_GATEWAY` indicates that user authentication requires a call to an API Gateway endpoint URL provided by you to integrate an identity provider of your choice.
* `invocationRole` - ARN of the IAM role used to authenticate the user account with an `identityProviderType` of `API_GATEWAY`.
* `loggingRole` - ARN of an IAM role that allows the service to write your SFTP users’ activity to your Amazon CloudWatch logs for monitoring and auditing purposes.
* `protocols` - File transfer protocol or protocols over which your file transfer protocol client can connect to your server's endpoint.
* `securityPolicyName` - The name of the security policy that is attached to the server.
* `structuredLogDestinations` - A set of ARNs of destinations that will receive structured logs from the transfer server such as CloudWatch Log Group ARNs.
* `url` - URL of the service endpoint used to authenticate users with an `identityProviderType` of `API_GATEWAY`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-527a93818210197a7ed1dcc84d2ff4fa1fd16ef88ced9a8af3676cc1ab7b8447 -->