---
subcategory: "WorkSpaces"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_workspaces_directory"
description: |-
  Retrieve information about an AWS WorkSpaces directory.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: aws_workspaces_directory

Retrieve information about an AWS WorkSpaces directory.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataAwsWorkspacesDirectory } from "./.gen/providers/aws/data-aws-workspaces-directory";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataAwsWorkspacesDirectory(this, "example", {
      directoryId: "d-9067783251",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

This data source supports the following arguments:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `directoryId` - (Required) Directory identifier for registration in WorkSpaces service.

## Attribute Reference

This data source exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `id` - WorkSpaces directory identifier.
* `activeDirectoryConfig` - Configuration for Active Directory integration when `workspaceType` is set to `POOLS`.
    * `domainName` - Fully qualified domain name of the AWS Directory Service directory.
    * `serviceAccountSecretArn` - ARN of the Secrets Manager secret that contains the credentials for the service account.
* `alias` - Directory alias.
* `customerUserName` - User name for the service account.
* `directoryName` - Name of the directory.
* `directoryType` - Directory type.
* `dnsIpAddresses` - IP addresses of the DNS servers for the directory.
* `iamRoleId` - Identifier of the IAM role. This is the role that allows Amazon WorkSpaces to make calls to other services, such as Amazon EC2, on your behalf.
* `ipGroupIds` - Identifiers of the IP access control groups associated with the directory.
* `registrationCode` - Registration code for the directory. This is the code that users enter in their Amazon WorkSpaces client application to connect to the directory.
* `selfServicePermissions` - The permissions to enable or disable self-service capabilities.
    * `changeComputeType` - Whether WorkSpaces directory users can change the compute type (bundle) for their workspace.
    * `increaseVolumeSize` - Whether WorkSpaces directory users can increase the volume size of the drives on their workspace.
    * `rebuildWorkspace` - Whether WorkSpaces directory users can rebuild the operating system of a workspace to its original state.
    * `restartWorkspace` - Whether WorkSpaces directory users can restart their workspace.
    * `switchRunningMode` - Whether WorkSpaces directory users can switch the running mode of their workspace.
* `subnetIds` - Identifiers of the subnets where the directory resides.
* `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the WorkSpaces directory.
* `userIdentityType` - The user identity type for the WorkSpaces directory.
* `workspaceAccessProperties` - Specifies which devices and operating systems users can use to access their WorkSpaces.
    * `deviceTypeAndroid` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Android devices to access their WorkSpaces.
    * `deviceTypeChromeos` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Chromebooks to access their WorkSpaces.
    * `deviceTypeIos` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can use iOS devices to access their WorkSpaces.
    * `deviceTypeLinux` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Linux clients to access their WorkSpaces.
    * `deviceTypeOsx` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can use macOS clients to access their WorkSpaces.
    * `deviceTypeWeb` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can access their WorkSpaces through a web browser.
    * `deviceTypeWindows` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can use Windows clients to access their WorkSpaces.
    * `deviceTypeZeroclient` - (Optional) Indicates whether users can use zero client devices to access their WorkSpaces.
* `workspaceCreationProperties` - The default properties that are used for creating WorkSpaces.
    * `customSecurityGroupId` - The identifier of your custom security group. Should relate to the same VPC, where workspaces reside in.
    * `defaultOu` - The default organizational unit (OU) for your WorkSpace directories.
    * `enableInternetAccess` - Indicates whether internet access is enabled for your WorkSpaces.
    * `enableMaintenanceMode` - Indicates whether maintenance mode is enabled for your WorkSpaces. For more information, see [WorkSpace Maintenance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/workspaces/latest/adminguide/workspace-maintenance.html).
    * `userEnabledAsLocalAdministrator` - Indicates whether users are local administrators of their WorkSpaces.
* `workspaceDirectoryDescription` - The description of the WorkSpaces directory when `workspaceType` is set to `POOLS`.
* `workspaceDirectoryName` - The name of the WorkSpaces directory when `workspaceType` is set to `POOLS`.
* `workspaceSecurityGroupId` - The identifier of the security group that is assigned to new WorkSpaces.
* `workspaceType` - The type of WorkSpaces directory.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-090e97976438f7c6ff2ab1a153303e1274edf829db1f3976649f2be1b9434a9a -->