---
subcategory: "Secrets Manager"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_secretsmanager_random_password"
description: |-
  Terraform ephemeral resource for managing an AWS Secrets Manager Random Password.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Ephemeral: aws_secretsmanager_random_password

Terraform ephemeral resource for managing an AWS Secrets Manager Random Password.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```python
# DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
from constructs import Construct
from cdktf import TerraformStack
class MyConvertedCode(TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are optional:

* `region` - (Optional) Region where this resource will be [managed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#regional-endpoints). Defaults to the Region set in the [provider configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#aws-configuration-reference).
* `exclude_characters` - (Optional) String of the characters that you don't want in the password.
* `exclude_lowercase` - (Optional) Specifies whether to exclude lowercase letters from the password.
* `exclude_numbers` - (Optional) Specifies whether to exclude numbers from the password.
* `exclude_punctuation` - (Optional) Specifies whether to exclude the following punctuation characters from the password: ``! " # $ % & ' ( ) * + , - . / : ; < = > ? @ [ \ ] ^ _ ` { | } ~ .``
* `exclude_uppercase` - (Optional) Specifies whether to exclude uppercase letters from the password.
* `include_space` - (Optional) Specifies whether to include the space character.
* `password_length` - (Optional) Length of the password.
* `require_each_included_type` - (Optional) Specifies whether to include at least one upper and lowercase letter, one number, and one punctuation.

## Attribute Reference

This resource exports the following attributes in addition to the arguments above:

* `random_password` - Random password.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-a7e8ee1e60360baca80276fae2937776039b823601fcd88b07c9fdd317966161 -->